restaurant_453.tsv	situated under the picturesqu arcades on via ces battist this restaurant is hom to young chef whos cuisin is inspired by traditional and wellknown recipes whic he reinterprets with
restaurant_1308.tsv	situated the picturesqu historic centr of salern this is one of the city’s best restaurants the dining room her is almost minimalist style yet thanks to the soft lighting and
restaurant_335.tsv	this brandnew restaurant boasts an elegant chic decor and relaxed and informal ambienc the very young team her is overseen by talented chef who prepares modern and creativ dishes with
restaurant_321.tsv	small intim restaurant with welcoming ambienc and simpl yet lively feel wher the ownerchef at the helm the kitchen also makes an appearanc front of hous mantuan traditions are
restaurant_447.tsv	the highlight of this luxurious 18c vill whic also comprises hotel and banqueting facilities is its renowned restaurant served setting of columns and period features whic provid
restaurant_1334.tsv	situated within the elegant antic borg sutr resort the heart of the verdant countrysid around viterb this restaurant boasts an intim and contemporary ambienc with soft lighting
restaurant_1452.tsv	warm littl bar rooms reminiscent of the german win bars or stub summer terrac and well prepared regional dishes for thos who want to escap the mundan lif of cortin for the
restaurant_309.tsv	chef marc claron brings style and finess to this excellent restaurant whic offers good selection of fish dishes with an emphasis on carefully chosen local fish including the occasional rar
restaurant_1446.tsv	family run restaurant with young enthusiastic staff four rustic dining rooms provid the setting to enjoy delicious regional dishes such as the ever popul marchigian veal steak
restaurant_1320.tsv	both the simpl friendly atmosph and the cuisin served at this restaurant are typical of tuscan trattor the menu features classic favourites from tuscany highlights includ papp
restaurant_490.tsv	mott has established reputation for quality especially for its meat whic is carefully sourced from farms the piedmont region som of the excellent options on the menu are aged larg
restaurant_484.tsv	bastion of traditional piedmontes cuisin the main dining room at this restaurant boasts profusion of wood from its parquet flooring to the wood panelling and exposed roofbeams the warm
restaurant_1491.tsv	an intim and modern restaurant with just fiv tables and minimalist design with the exception of the “hiphop” bathroom fil expresses the full character of its owner michael silhav who
restaurant_1485.tsv	this simpl yet charming restaurant located just few metres from the gran madr churc serves fin array of regional italian dishes althoug specialities from piedmont understandably tak
restaurant_137.tsv	housed on the first floor of the historic caf wher the aniseed liqueur of the sam nam was created this restaurant serves simpl yet creativ regional and maritim inspired cuisin don’t
restaurant_889.tsv	tak culinary journey from the north of italy to the south from the comfort of your tabl at the bistrot perl wher guests are enthusiastically introduced to the many delightful flavours
restaurant_651.tsv	the glorious premises of the old arnolf restaurant the old town this restaurant is run by the sam management as previously althoug with new young chef at the helm the kitchen the
restaurant_645.tsv	this littl corner of franc right on the brug canal occupies houseonstilts and has uniqu warm and romantic ambienc thanks to its combination of colonial style and parisian decor
restaurant_123.tsv	fish specialities tak prid of plac on the menu of this elegant contemporary style restaurant with friendly informal servic good selection of wines also availabl by the glass
restaurant_1678.tsv	the heart of popul trastev with its many restaurants glass comes as surpris housed what was once coachhous as the high ceilings still demonstr and now an elegant
restaurant_1888.tsv	this longestablished familyrun restaurant occupies stunning location at the foot of the templ of vest whic can be admired from the attract outdoor terrac the classic cuisin served
restaurant_1650.tsv	housed two small dining rooms connected by an arch on the ground floor of an old palazz this restaurant is decorated with materials that giv it minimalist feel – combination of ston
restaurant_1136.tsv	situated the countrysid outsid vig this rustic country hous with portic has the feel of priv vill thanks to its antiqu furnitur and paintings by local artists on the walls
restaurant_1122.tsv	the courteous servic stylish mountain decor of wood and ston and regional cuisin with modern twist are just som of the attractions of this restaurant whos nam loosely translates as “inn
restaurant_679.tsv	the elegant milanes style of the famous langoster restaurant has been given maritim and holiday feel its seasonal sibling whic is housed within the bagn fior overlooking the small yet
restaurant_1644.tsv	situated picturesqu historic hamlet with castl once inhabited by the malatest dynasty this restaurant boasts charming traditional dining room the delicious cuisin is the star of the
restaurant_1877.tsv	the heart of this picturepostcard villag the muss family has been welcoming guests with typical piedmontes hospitality and professionalism for generations and delighting them with the
restaurant_692.tsv	topquality japanes cuisin with heavy mediterranean influences takes prid of plac at this restaurant wher talented chef toku yoj tokuyosh creates dishes such as horsemeat tatak with
restaurant_686.tsv	this welcoming restaurant business for many years now boasts an openview kitchen to the rear of the dining room the menu her focuses on fish from the daily market whic is prepared
restaurant_14.tsv	easily found desp its nam nascost post means “hidden place” this restaurant lies the alleyways of terni’s old town its modern minimaliststyl dining room an enthusiastic coupl
restaurant_1863.tsv	situated the historic centr this trattoriacumdelicatessen focuses on topquality traditional cuisin tak seat the simpl informal dining room and choos from vast selection of
restaurant_1693.tsv	her one of bari’s most interesting restaurants chef anton scaler serves topquality cuisin accompanied by intelligently chosen wines with fascinating stories behind them the dishes
restaurant_876.tsv	one of the most famous restaurants the castell roman region 2022 celebrated 100 years of lif under the management of the sam family the caccian authentic and excellent regional
restaurant_28.tsv	this new restaurant occupies historic palazz this small town served by the owner outdoors summer with views of citt sant’angel the distanc the cuisin is authentic unfussy and
restaurant_862.tsv	series of rooms teeming with warmth and atmosph provid the backdrop for this simpl and homely restaurant on the edge of town wher the chef announces dishes at your tabl althoug the
restaurant_1687.tsv	the vill rivier resort hom to this restaurant is situated slightly inland and uphill from the sea tranquil oasis of greenery the modern minimalist verandastyl dining room is welcoming
restaurant_1718.tsv	this modern minimalist style restaurant is practically on the beac and almost within touching distanc of the sea it specialises fish dishes with contemporary flavour
restaurant_7.tsv	as its nam suggests this restaurant was used as pharmacy until the lat 1970s 2010 it was taken over by ownerchef jur who now runs his own restaurant her serving tuscaninspired
restaurant_725.tsv	housed within the bulgar hotel right the heart of milan and oppos an exclus garden this restaurant is run by threemichelinstarred chef nik rom from the abruzz who creates light
restaurant_731.tsv	situated the heart of the old town this restaurant is run by friendly and welcoming staff the menu features mix of meat and fish dishes that are prepared traditional style with the
restaurant_1724.tsv	situated within the elegant hotel ca dio the arsenal district wher the venic biennal is held ver is an elegant exclus and trendy restaurant desp the ambienc however it’s
restaurant_719.tsv	having gained experienc elsewh italy especially ligur wher he gained confidenc preparing the bestquality fish and seafood august valzell has returned hom to demonstr his own
restaurant_1042.tsv	althoug it calls itself an oster granai is really restaurant it has elegant brick arched dining rooms occupying 17c palazz the historic centr of rapol on the menu you will
restaurant_1056.tsv	this restaurant is situated just stone’s throw from the sea building dating from the 1930s it serves traditional regional dishes mad from carefully selected ingredients don’t miss the
restaurant_1730.tsv	contemporarystyl restaurant whic serves modern dishes alongsid simpler mor classic options with notabl focus on fish splendid outdoor terrac for alfresc dining and friendly
restaurant_1903.tsv	we are the agnell showroom wellknown manufacturer of cookw for professional kitchens the modern shop is located on the ground floor whil the first floor hosts the restaurant with its
restaurant_1917.tsv	this glorious elegant restaurant is surrounded by delightful garden wher guests can din à cart or order copious appetisers the summer months the recipes focus on the gastronomic
restaurant_902.tsv	the determined and enthusiastic young owner of this restaurant graduated with literatur degre befor giving to her passion for food she swapped her pen for ladl and now creates
restaurant_1081.tsv	described as “meeting point between piedmont and liguria” this quiet welcoming restaurant the historic centr of cune focuses on ingredients and recipes from thes two regions – the family
restaurant_916.tsv	this restaurant features sophisticated creativ cooking and top quality ingredients without forgetting the culinary traditions of the are and region therefor dont be surprised by the
restaurant_1095.tsv	the coast of campan and particul the bay of naples boasts wealth of breathtaking views – and this is one of the most spectacul once you arriv at the cal moresc hotel leav your
restaurant_527.tsv	this contemporary bistr with hint of vintag style its decor now has new location the menu is inspired by roman traditions with the occasional imagin twist and other mor
restaurant_241.tsv	situated thes premises sinc 2015 faust has becom local favour thanks to the quality and style of its cuisin whic combines classic flavours and regional influences two of the chef’s
restaurant_255.tsv	situated near the centr this restaurant occupies small group of eight carefully restored trull whic provid an elegant and charming setting with just 20 seats arranged throughout its small
restaurant_1268.tsv	this restaurant has long way sinc 1906 when the owner’s ancestors opened modern inn and win tavern evolving into an inviting restaurant with an elegant contemporarystyl decor the
restaurant_533.tsv	situated the old medieval villag of guald cattane amid the gentl valleys not far from folign grottin is the perfect choic for anyon keen to sampl the authentic flavours of umbrian
restaurant_1240.tsv	the most attract spac this restaurant is its contemporary almost milanesestyl verandadining room whic boasts relaxing views of lak gard with sailboats bobbing on the water ruffled
restaurant_1526.tsv	situated arezzo’s historic centr this restaurant boasts an original minimalist ambienc with an elegant wood decor the main focus her is on the cuisin whic is among the best not only
restaurant_269.tsv	you driv along 45km of winding narrow occasionally extremely narrow roads to get to ortic the restaurant at the ten golf paradis about 35min from geno as is often the cas once at
restaurant_1532.tsv	contemporarystyl cuisin with regional focus and carefully selected local produc are the hallmarks of this restaurant now run by the fourth generation of the sam family the menu features
restaurant_1254.tsv	this restaurant is housed one of the most important historic buildings the town – the seminar vescovil bishop’s seminary the aust majestic exterior contrasts with the contemporary
restaurant_282.tsv	this small welcoming restaurant with hint of minimalism and just few tables serves personalised meat and fish dishes whic aim to offer something littl different with choic of thre
restaurant_296.tsv	this new milan ventur is the brainchild of thre brothers who already run restaurant and delicatessen port cerv elegant and extremely contemporary style the restaurant serves modern
restaurant_1283.tsv	this restaurant with partially open kitchen introduces its guests to the delicious specialities of guangzhou and southern chin rooms full of decor details the small dishes whic
restaurant_1297.tsv	this restaurant is justifiably renowned for two specialities – firstly its wid selection of cured hams including the famous friul prosciuttos as well as hams from further afield and secondly
restaurant_1296.tsv	located the heart of the historic centr just stone’s throw from the beautiful 13c cathedral this small simpl restaurant with an outdoor spac is hom to ownerchef marc cozz whos
restaurant_1282.tsv	this restaurant decorated typical local style welcomes guests with mouthwatering display of cakes but befor you mov on to dessert enjoy local specialities such as tortellin capon
restaurant_297.tsv	this oster on the edge of the historic centr is run by two young brothers who hav one cle aim – to serv local fish dishes whic are both delicious and imagin pleasantly informal
restaurant_283.tsv	situated within the collin cilieg win estat amid the verdant valpanten hills this firstfloor restaurant lift availabl is hom to two chefs – he is from calabr whil she is from
restaurant_1533.tsv	situated on the road that passes throug manoppell scal this restaurant with car park right front of the building boasts spacious simpl dining room and is our recommended choic the
restaurant_268.tsv	situated just outsid the town walls capitan has been one of the most renowned fish restaurants veron for over fifteen years classic italian dishes with contemporary twist added by the
restaurant_1255.tsv	housed charming palazz with an art nouveau façad overlooking the main squar of the villag this restaurant has an unexpectedly modern and minimaliststyl interior the menu features an
restaurant_1241.tsv	situated attract countrysid wher the plains giv way to rolling hills perfect destination for sunday outing this simpl yet wellkept trattor serves the usual traditional
restaurant_1527.tsv	situated amid the streets of the old town this restaurant boasts an intim dining room and pleasant outdoor spac with corner wher guests can watc the appetisers being prepared chef tony
restaurant_254.tsv	this traditional restaurant boasts small dining rooms adorned with wooden ceilings whic wer redecorated few years ago with evoc photos and documents depicting its history the restaurant
restaurant_532.tsv	an attractively furnished restaurant on the seafront with small dining room and verand offering partial views of the sea fish takes prid of plac on the menu whic focuses on raw fish
restaurant_1269.tsv	this longestablished restaurant the borg filipp district overflows with memorabil from the juk box to the old coffe machin dating from the 1960s and owes its continued success to its
restaurant_526.tsv	to get to this restaurant you head up towards the churc the prettiest part of corvar wher you’ll find the perl hotel one of the best the valley on your left once insid the hotel
restaurant_240.tsv	guà was the nam local dialect of the river nov alongsid whic the property is situated din under the arcades of the barchess fin weather soaking up the tranquil atmosph of the
restaurant_1094.tsv	thanks to its fireplac the welcoming classicstyl dining room at this restaurant is perfect for winter dining whil its garden terrac attracts guests summer whatever tim of year you
restaurant_917.tsv	situated the charming historic centr just behind the central market squar this new hotel is the flagship of wellknown family of florentin entrepreneurs on the first floor small
restaurant_1080.tsv	one of italy’s most famous addresses for fish and seafood this restaurant offers an extens menu featuring classic hous favourites alongsid growing list of mor modern options this
restaurant_903.tsv	the origins of this inn dat back to the lat 14c making this one of the italy’s recognised “historic restaurants” – and one that is still flourishing today the dishes served her are often
restaurant_1916.tsv	this restaurant wholeheartedly embraces the sea whether via its views visibl throug the floortoceiling windows the dining room or throug its cuisin with its focus on fish and seafood
restaurant_1902.tsv	formerly post hous today this is characteristic restaurant with bedrooms availabl the dining room is developed along the two wings with verand cuisin consists of many ligurian
restaurant_1057.tsv	following careful restoration this old mill has been transformed into gourmet restaurant with just few tables her skilful young chef vincenz cucol delights guests with his cuisin –
restaurant_1731.tsv	this famous trattor now run by the third generation of the sam family serves traditional seasonal cuisin from the aost valley enhanced by the occasional imagin and personalised touc
restaurant_1725.tsv	situated just outsid randazz one of the villages with typical lavaston buildings dotted around mt etna this restaurant serves excellent local cuisin recipes featuring mushrooms and meat
restaurant_1043.tsv	situated the heart of the historic centr this restaurant occupies an old spinning mill filand that has been completely restored without losing any of its original charm her
restaurant_718.tsv	eugen boer offers 100 italian menu whic focuses on local ingredients with the aim of showcasing som of italy’s favour traditional dishes whil at the sam tim supporting smallscal
restaurant_730.tsv	founded different venu by an austrian soldier the lat 19c this historic venetian restaurant is now run by owner mauriz who oversees the front of hous courteous yet friendly
restaurant_1719.tsv	housed beautiful 18c palazz gigl was founded 1979 and is now run by thre young men who took over just few years ago thes thre friends form real team who hav together to
restaurant_724.tsv	althoug the nam of this restaurant may conjur up images of the caribbean sea and its beaches tortug is actually located on the squar overlooking the harbour right the centr of
restaurant_6.tsv	when you arriv the upper part of lonig and park near the priv vill that is hom to pec you know that you’v arrived at one of italy’s great finedining restaurants wher the
restaurant_863.tsv	the openview kitchen is the first thing guests see when they arriv at this delightful restaurant boasting views of ancient rom from the colosseum to the dom of st peter’s – truly memorabl
restaurant_29.tsv	modern welcoming restaurant whos mott “tradition innovation” perfectly sums up its cuisin on the à cart and tasting menus alik you’ll find classic dishes including risott with peas
restaurant_1686.tsv	this rustic yet charming restaurant occupies an old family mill it has attract guestrooms that reflect the elegant simplicity of the tuscan countrysid the kitchen the femal chef creates
restaurant_1692.tsv	the young owner of this restaurant has an interesting background – former vet with passion for food he has opened one of the most fascinating restaurants florenc serving original dishes
restaurant_877.tsv	small vill secluded position with warm homely atmosph especially the nic room with fireplac the rang of cuisin is rich tradition
restaurant_15.tsv	on the lakefront facing the small port this modern simply styled restaurant has pleasant are for summer dining contemporary cuisin mad from carefully selected produc
restaurant_687.tsv	situated amid gently rolling hills this restaurant with larg pictur windows boasts fin views of the surrounding countrysid whic can be enjoyed even mor from its summer terrac for many
restaurant_1862.tsv	situated picturesqu dolced this restaurant occupies an early 20c mill compl with millston and press the cuisin focuses on an interesting selection of traditional ligurian dishes with
restaurant_1876.tsv	situated the countrysid around alessandr this 18c farmhous has modern minimalist decor whic serves as backdrop for traditional piedmontes cuisin with clever modern twist the
restaurant_693.tsv	althoug the view from this restaurant takes the sea and the mountains alik it’s the latter that inspires the menu it features inland specialities cooked with the best local ingredients
restaurant_678.tsv	situated the foothills around lak maggior this colourful and welcoming restaurant has pleasantly relaxed ambienc the skilful chef creates cuisin inspired by the region as well as
restaurant_1123.tsv	once you’v left your car the car park slight descent leads to this small corner of paradis boasting one of the most beautiful views of lak gard run by two brothers one the kitchen
restaurant_1645.tsv	this small family run restaurant furnished warm pastel shades offers traditional setting whic to enjoy local cuisin the dishes served the younger mor informal enotec are even
restaurant_1651.tsv	standing on the lak gard road this small simpl yet far from ordinary restaurant serves mediterranean dishes with the occasional invent twist two words of advic – opt for alfresc dining
restaurant_1889.tsv	this tiny welcoming restaurant with bright simpl decor has long sinc of age having been opened and run by the sam family for years the wif supervises the front of hous whil the
restaurant_1137.tsv	pasqual laer originally from pugl has by now been working for years piedmont and has learned the rules and codes of the regional cuisin broadening his horizons with
restaurant_644.tsv	the oldest oster the town centr this restaurant has delighted locals and visitors two simpl yet convivial dining rooms sinc 1880 the cuisin her is regional with many dishes freshly
restaurant_1679.tsv	beautiful stonevaulted building an old 17c monastery on the town’s seafront promenad young ownerchef alessandr feo has mad his mark this region that perhaps has fewer gourmet
restaurant_122.tsv	situated the beautiful countrysid outsid cerret guid ps ristor is housed the magnificent medic vill petriol whic is also hom to 36 luxurious guestrooms the restaurant’s appeal
restaurant_136.tsv	situated along the via francigen near monteriggion the small medieval villag of abbad isol boasts superb romanesqu churc and group of old buildings that once housed monastery and its
restaurant_650.tsv	this restaurant may be small booking is recommended but it has big personality the focus her is on fish and seafood with nearly the dishes cooked at least partially over the barbecu
restaurant_888.tsv	overlooking an internal garden this welcoming valtellinastyl stub restaurant decorated sweetscented cembr pinewood is the perfect setting whic to enjoy local specialities and
restaurant_1484.tsv	you would never guess that ther was gourmet restaurant tucked away this commercial district on the outskirts of perug but everything changes once you’r insid the bright original dining
restaurant_1490.tsv	situated secluded residential district that is part of l’aquila’s historic centr this intim restaurant with an elegantly minimalist ambienc is hom to skilful ownerchef simon
restaurant_485.tsv	situated just stone’s throw from the lakefront this elegant restaurant boasts an attract englishstyl garden as well as beautiful outdoor pat and stylish dining room her talented
restaurant_491.tsv	situated central viaregg near the town’s shipyards mam occupies long narrow spac that is reminiscent of oriental restaurants with its long benc running alongsid one wall and small
restaurant_1447.tsv	just stone’s throw from the central and very busy cors ital this restaurant has an elegant alpin feel her subtl lighting soft background music and larc wood cladding on the walls
restaurant_1321.tsv	situated within the san patrign community whic grows its own crops raises its own livestock and makes its own cheeses vit is now the setting for new talented chef giusepp biuso’s cuisin
restaurant_1335.tsv	chef niccol palumb pastry chef gabriel palumb and maîtred’ lorenz catucc are the thre young dynamic entrepreneurs behind this attract restaurant just stone’s throw from the historic
restaurant_308.tsv	ther are just few tables this excellent restaurant whic takes its nam from its owner chef it serves modern and occasionally creativ cuisin with strong links to typical regional
restaurant_1453.tsv	this whit modern and minimalist style restaurant has lovely views of the tyrrhenian sea from its dining room and summer terrac not surprisingly fish and seafood tak prid of plac on the
restaurant_320.tsv	having studied classics this young selftaught chef decided to follow his tru passion namely cooking he prepares dishes inspired by sicilian traditions yet reinterpreted with personal twist
restaurant_446.tsv	an attract wellkept restaurant historic building with romantic rural feel especially the beautiful garden althoug the menu is not that extens the chef is highly skilled and
restaurant_1309.tsv	this friendly mediterraneanstyl bistr started out 20 years ago as an inncum cicchetter type of venetian tapas bar it now offers 100 glutenfre recipes including few vegan options
restaurant_452.tsv	this restaurant adjoining the daniel hotel is the town’s prid and joy her two quiet rusticstyl dining rooms provid the backdrop for typical parm specialities that chang with the passing
restaurant_334.tsv	to get to this welcoming restaurant it’s best to leav the car one of the convenient car parks just outsid the town walls short walk from cherasco’s quiet picturesqu historic centr with
restaurant_444.tsv	having opened this restaurant som ten years ago ownerchef fab draws on his experienc from working at various michelinstarred restaurants during his career using regional produc and
restaurant_1479.tsv	the strictly regional ingredients used at this restaurant are sourced from local farmers and producers with just few exceptions such as sug truffles salt ric etc chef theodor falser is
restaurant_322.tsv	this quiet and elegant bistr the grand hotel sitea’s second restaurant offers charming setting whic to enjoy skilfully prepared piedmonteseinfluenced cuisin the venu is also perfect
restaurant_336.tsv	this small neighbourhood restaurant chef marin ravarott pays trib to som of sardinia’s iconic dishes such as filindeu – hom mad past very difficult to prep the excellent 4
restaurant_450.tsv	originally from the ciociar region andre imper is the chef at the helm this gourmet restaurant situated within the elegant borgobruf hotel her he creates dishes influenced by the
restaurant_478.tsv	having spent many years living spain the young chef at this quiet elegant restaurant offers an appealing combination of spanish and italian dishes resulting his own interesting
restaurant_1323.tsv	various small dining rooms including one directly abov the kitchen very popul desp the heat the food is regional with an emphasis on fish and seafood and the menu includes som
restaurant_1445.tsv	situated at an altitud of 2 000m the plan de corones ski are this restaurant stands next to lumen museum dedicated to mountain photography to get her you tak the cablec from
restaurant_1451.tsv	tru gourmet agritur colmett changes its menu almost week by week lin with the changing seasons full of flavour the ingredients her many of whic are produced on the property
restaurant_1337.tsv	situated oppos the vill real this restaurant has the sam classic vaguely british ambienc as the hotel de vill whic it is situated with tables also laid out on its elegant
restaurant_487.tsv	to get to the dining room at this restaurant you walk past the kitchen wher its stoves are lit and its chefs hard at work this is the sort of restaurant that you’d lov to hav as your local
restaurant_493.tsv	fiv senses will be satisfied by visit to the gourmet restaurant of the hotel residenc housed splendid 18c palazz just few metres from the famous cathedral the restaurant boasts
restaurant_1486.tsv	housed delightful 19c hous facing the navigl brent this restaurant has been fully renovated to offer welcoming spac whic fish and seafood reign suprem prepared wherever
restaurant_1492.tsv	situated slightly on the outskirts this contemporarystyl restaurant occupies the unusual setting of an old factory her pictur windows the dining room overlook the stream below with the
restaurant_120.tsv	business for over 50 years this longestablished centrally located restaurant has changed its look over the years and is now modern bistr with an attract outdoor summer spac
restaurant_646.tsv	this old acquaintanc of the michelin guid now has new chef at the helm althoug the decor and furnishings remain the sam with slightly oldfashioned feel the cuisin is modern yet with no
restaurant_1109.tsv	situated rural setting surrounded by ric fields outsid milan this restaurant specialises homemad past and breads vegetables grown its own garden and piedmontes meat cooked
restaurant_652.tsv	at this restaurant an americanstyl barbecu garden summer and smart rustic dining room provid the backdrop for carefully prepared local cuisin with personalised gourmet twist such
restaurant_134.tsv	after period working paris michelin gioi nativ of campan with weakness for tuscany has returned to italy to work with the sci family wher he demonstrates new focus on “less
restaurant_1647.tsv	it’s now forty years sinc the madonnin opened 1984 yet chef moren cedron has not lost the creativ touc that has resulted him becoming one of the most influential chefs of his
restaurant_1121.tsv	dolomieu is an intim stubestyl restaurant furnished oak whic features just six tables so booking well advanc is recommended this is the most traditional part of the dv chalet hotel
restaurant_1135.tsv	this lively and very busy trattor run by the energetic elis owes its success to winning combination of traditional dishes the fresh handmad past also sold the shop next door is
restaurant_108.tsv	at certain times of day the tempting arom of freshly baked bread greets you as soon as you step into this restaurant leaving you no doubt as to the natur of the restaurant’s newest ventur
restaurant_1653.tsv	just few years young ownerchef giusepp costantin has turned what was once the family trattor into an elegant restaurant serving delicious reinterpretations of local specialities ther
restaurant_1860.tsv	an elegant restaurant within sirenus one of the most prestigious and glamorous hotels on the amalf coast with an attract outdoor terrac for summer dining with views of positano’s
restaurant_685.tsv	once an old inn this familyrun restaurant now occupies two floors with the win bar on the ground floor and the dining rooms abov inspired by traditional cuisin the dishes her are
restaurant_17.tsv	overlooking delightful quiet littl squar this romantic welcoming restaurant serves traditional local specialities often with an individual flavour the menu includes som fish dishes
restaurant_691.tsv	this restaurant run by luc trabalzin and his partner rossell is real gem the small town of fas the story whic began austral adds fascinating touc to this gastronomic
restaurant_849.tsv	certain amount of patienc is needed to get to this restaurant accessed via dusty yet attract dirt track that wends its way throug typical tuscan landscapes on arrival you’ll find an
restaurant_1874.tsv	facing matera’s picturesqu cav churches one of the most charming parts of the old town this restaurant is housed complex of old caves desp being inspired by local traditions the
restaurant_1684.tsv	leaving the traffic behind you enter the beautifully tended gardens of this 18c vill reminder of the splendour of the “golden mile” and its luxurious residences this golden age is now
restaurant_861.tsv	desp being an island sardinia’s traditional cuisin tends to focus on meat dishes and you’ll find som of its bestknown specialities served at this restaurant with its simpl dining rooms
restaurant_875.tsv	contemporarystyl restaurant with an openview kitchen wher two different styles of cuisin can be enjoyed creativ tapas influenced by different traditions or mor classic local dishes
restaurant_1690.tsv	the ideal starting point for an exploration of the are summer one dines on the terrac located the heart of the historic centr whil drinks and cigars may be enjoyed the loung bar
restaurant_1848.tsv	situated the heart of the historic centr just stone’s throw from piombino’s former medic fortress this quiet restaurant boasts backdrop of exposed stonework and vaulted ceilings and just
restaurant_732.tsv	the experienc london as well as restaurants around the world is evident the pleasant yet somewhat unexpected international atmosph created by this husbandandwif team using
restaurant_1069.tsv	situated within the clitunn hotel this wellmanaged familyrun restaurant serves classic seasonal meat and fish dishes including generous portions of black truffles som dishes recently
restaurant_4.tsv	young chef of undoubted talent is at the helm of this restaurant situated behind the busier mor touristfrequented streets of trastev the chef question is anton zianton henc the
restaurant_726.tsv	closed for refurbishment juneaugust 2024quart has mad its mark on the gastronomic map of italy thanks to mariann vitale’s cuisin and the trib she pays to southern italian produc
restaurant_1733.tsv	this restaurant occupies an attract alpin hous outsid the town centr on the road to the falzareg pass and at the foot of the tofan mountains her the chef shows himself to be completely
restaurant_1055.tsv	it was friendship and passion for japanes cuisin that prompted two young business partners to open this quiet welcoming restaurant the heart of bologn situated courtyard with medieval
restaurant_1041.tsv	althoug this restaurant is slightly set back from the seafront the high quality cuisin focusing on the flavours of the salent makes the short walk well worthwhil classic ambienc with
restaurant_1727.tsv	housed on the first floor of an old silkworm factory with contemporarystyl dining room that opens out on to beautiful terrac fin weather this restaurant is one of the few the
restaurant_1914.tsv	situated within the fondac tedesc once type of stock exchang wher merchants from northern europ traded with the venetian counterparts and now luxury shopping centr for thos
restaurant_929.tsv	situated on the edge of old milan this former bakery has been converted into tiny restaurant serving vegetarian cuisin contemporarystyl setting the two tasting menus includ delicious
restaurant_1900.tsv	founded 1952 this inn has been run by the sam family – and especially its femal members – ever sinc it now boasts the presenc of chef whos many years of experienc are evident his
restaurant_1928.tsv	at antic mur savour contemporary cuisin that takes its inspiration and ingredients from both the land and sea as well as the passing seasons situated behind the historic centr the
restaurant_915.tsv	situated the heart of the city this delightfully intim restaurant offers number of different dining rooms from ‘gallery of portraits’ to the britishstyl library rooms and the ‘
restaurant_1096.tsv	this milanes restaurant with young talented chef at the helm boasts breakfast are as well as lunchtim bistr and evening win bar the atmosph the dining room is lively and modern
restaurant_901.tsv	not far from the duom this historic restaurant takes its nam from the mulberry tre morer local dialect that once stood front of the building elegant simpl decor the dining room
restaurant_1082.tsv	you cross small gardencumol grov to get to this romantic and elegant restaurant situated on the enchanting isol ros priv island accessibl only by boat overseen by chef
restaurant_530.tsv	situated sid street the centr of this charming small town this restaurant boasts dining room with exposed brickwork and glimpses of the kitchen plus small outdoor spac with few
restaurant_256.tsv	situated small country hamlet this restaurant is run by chef from pugl whos origins can be glimpsed her and ther his dishes the influenc of the venet wher the chef has been
restaurant_242.tsv	housed 18c vill whic was once family inn this restaurant is run by the dynamic and professional fros family who hav over 30 years’ experienc the restaurant business there’s
restaurant_1519.tsv	this finedining restaurant housed the 18c palazz bentivogl bargellin is part of the luxurious palazz varignan resort with whic it shares the grifon symbol the latter also hom
restaurant_524.tsv	menu whic focuses only on fish from the daily market whic is prepared with hint of pugl the chef’s nativ region as soon as guests are seated at the tabl they are brought
restaurant_1257.tsv	desp its location the town centr the attract outdoor terrac of this restaurant offers peaceful atmosph with its decor of light drapes the red coloured dining room makes
restaurant_1531.tsv	botteg luc serves cuisin whic is mainly italian style with the addition of few specialities from the iberian peninsul and other countries homemad past meat and fish can be
restaurant_1525.tsv	situated behind the guggenheim museum this rustic restaurant with wood panelling on the walls offers meatbased menu that focuses on traditional regional cuisin the braised rack of lamb with
restaurant_1243.tsv	the chef’s amalf origins reemerg great style this restaurant at the gates of bergam with chiefly seafood cuisin of great quality from raw seafood to spaghett with sea urchins and
restaurant_518.tsv	delicious cuisin from pugl including excellent orecchiett past with clams and chickpeas served delightful ambienc with number of different rooms and internal patios the sam
restaurant_295.tsv	welcoming restaurant with rustic feel the owner chef delights guests with his traditional yet imagin delicacies such as pic past with pachin cherry tomatoes garlic and chill
restaurant_281.tsv	quiet restaurant with relaxed young and modern feel serving contemporary cuisin prepared from seasonal regional products charming romantic outdoor are with soft lighting
restaurant_1294.tsv	tucked away an unexpected location residential district this restaurant is nonetheless popul with its loyal and regul clientel and the reason is obvious – the high quality of the
restaurant_1280.tsv	opened by thre brothers augur is the family nam this restaurant the city centr successfully combines the traditional and the modern both its cuisin and its decor the dining room
restaurant_1281.tsv	this restaurant is housed the salon colomb the nam comes from the fresc of doves on the ceiling of vill whic dates back to the 16c althoug its present appearanc dates mainly
restaurant_1295.tsv	simpl premises with two larg windows overlooking its kitchens it serves imagin dishes wher tradition and creativity becom one informal servic
restaurant_280.tsv	one of the most interesting restaurants cagliar terms of valu for money with choic of classic attabl seating or the mor informal convivial option of sitting at the counter when it
restaurant_294.tsv	this small welcoming restaurant on the famous scalin costarell numan with tiny terrac for summer dining and just few tables serves delicious cuisin with an imagin twist
restaurant_1524.tsv	situated just outsid amalf with the elegant mediterranean landscapes of the amalf coast as backdrop this finedining restaurant at the beautiful sant caterin hotel is perched abov the sea
restaurant_519.tsv	the menu at this restaurant features traditional dishes from campan with updated twists som of whic such as the “sigilinium” bread even dat back to ancient roman times the cuisin whic
restaurant_1242.tsv	the ceiling at this restaurant is adorned with superb frescoes thought to be by the school of the carracc brothers whos painters wer definitely responsibl for decorating other rooms this
restaurant_1256.tsv	osmos is part of the fattor sveton hotel with beautiful guestrooms housed historic vill overlooking vineyards open countrysid and whic also boasts winery dating back to 1865
restaurant_1530.tsv	situated the lively heart of palerm between the vuccir and the small cal port this restaurant boasts modern design and bold colours whic are the mor striking for the charming old
restaurant_1518.tsv	now under new management this historic restaurant the centr of bolz occupies the ground floor of the attract palazz pock overlooking the squar her elegant contemporarystyl
restaurant_243.tsv	this chines restaurant run by owner suil zhou has beautiful and elegant ambienc whic the chef is keen to introduc guests to the authentic culinary traditions of his homeland via
restaurant_525.tsv	just few kilometres outsid the town and yet already open countrysid this typical local trattor offers simpl yet warm and friendly ambienc and excellent cuisin focused on regional
restaurant_531.tsv	providing splash of modernity the florentin chiant region this restaurant is highly contemporary both its decor and its cuisin the latter availabl the form of tasting menus only
restaurant_257.tsv	althoug it takes whil to reac this restaurant that first opened 1977 it is definitely worth the journey her an entir family second and third generations works together with passion
restaurant_1083.tsv	this gourmet finedining restaurant the brainchild of the south african designer tristan du plessis has arrived the italian capital wher it’s overseen by chef alessandr pietropaol her
restaurant_900.tsv	situated beautiful 18c palazz right the centr of bresc this elegant restaurant consists of several small dining rooms of different colours fabrics and furnishings yet with the
restaurant_1929.tsv	slightly off the beaten track the lesserknown villag of scal oppos ravell this authentic family trattor offers an informal chang from the many michelinstarred luxury restaurants
restaurant_1097.tsv	situated villag near gal this restaurant boasts charming small inner courtyard – you walk throug her into an idyllic outdoor dining spac next to the churc surrounded by trees and
restaurant_914.tsv	situated next to the threemichelinstarred calandr and run by the sam family calandrin is an elegant and eclectic restaurant whic includes barcumpasticcer that is well worth
restaurant_1901.tsv	having retained its old shop counter and glass fronted display cabinets this former grocer’s shop is perfect for anyon searc of old world charm however the cuisin is the real draw
restaurant_1915.tsv	the castle’s 14c hunting lodg has been converted into showcas for tuscan produc with panoramic terrac overlooking the hills and glimpses of the surrounding countrysid from the guestrooms
restaurant_928.tsv	conveniently situated quiet setting just behind via vittor venet gian is housed within the modern hotel w with whic it shares comfortabl cocktail bar and attract garden the
restaurant_1040.tsv	the chef at this modern renovated restaurant at the end of the romantic boccad beac serves creativ cuisin that is the result of years of experimentation charming terrac overlooking the
restaurant_1726.tsv	part of the florian maison hotel bucolic setting of rolling hills this larg elegant restaurant serves as backdrop for tasting menus from whic guests can choos dishes thre or mor à
restaurant_1732.tsv	situated the historic centr of small villag between bresc and cremon the po valley this restaurant occupies period palazz with an interior full of history from the exposed beams
restaurant_1054.tsv	nobuy boasts minimalist eleganc that is typical of japanes restaurants with brown tables dark wooden beams on the ceiling attract subdued lighting plus an illuminated win cabinet to
restaurant_727.tsv	situated villag inland this restaurant serves som of the best fish dishes romagn the focus her is on classic recipes from the adriatic with no unnecessary frills or innovations
restaurant_5.tsv	the nam of this elegant restaurant was inspired by its wooden ceiling surrounded by spruc decor dating from the 18c antiqu furnitur and paintings enjoy interesting traditional cuisin
restaurant_1068.tsv	boasting an unusually beautiful setting within the salchet organic winery amid the rolling hills around montepulc this 13c farmhous has been converted into win estat that also includes
restaurant_733.tsv	her wher the parm river once brok its banks you’ll find an attract trattor with pleasant dining rooms and excellent cuisin cooked over wood and herb fir one of the oldest culinary
restaurant_874.tsv	situated at the top of steep slop fossombrone’s beautiful historic centr this oster takes guests back to the 1920s thanks to its romantic decor her having risen throug the culinary
restaurant_1849.tsv	situated along the ss13 whic leads to nearby pordenon this restaurant has fresh busy feel at lunchtim the servic is quicker the menu smaller and the prices lower whil the evening
restaurant_1691.tsv	favour with foodlovers this restaurant serves lighter meals at lunchtim whic are nonetheless carefully and imaginatively prepared don’t miss the orsoburger the evening the best
restaurant_1685.tsv	under the porticoes of the evoc piazz cavour you can see the doubl entranc the door for the evening cocktail bar on the ground level while–hidden on the left–th is lift to the first
restaurant_860.tsv	1895 luig lavazz opened her grocery stor wher he immediately began blending coffe 129 years later the plac hosts modern restaurant with superb kitchen run by chef who desp
restaurant_848.tsv	the generous colourful and carefully prepared dishes served at this italian bistr just stone’s throw from st mark’s squar could be described as “lagoon fusion” cuisin thanks to one of the
restaurant_690.tsv	situated the imagn valley this welcoming familyrun restaurant serves delicious regional specialities alongsid traditional italian favourites including few fish options highlights
restaurant_1875.tsv	althoug the town may not be of major importanc the cuisin served at this modern restaurant with convenient car park certainly is focusing on traditional local recipes and using seasonal
restaurant_1861.tsv	this restaurant previously known simply as “il frantoio” now has new outoftown premises but any regret you may hav at leaving the town centr will soon disapp thanks to the wid rang of
restaurant_16.tsv	welcoming contemporarystyl restaurant the town’s historical centr wher the young ownerchef has plenty of experienc behind him including his parents’ restaurant at coquus he serves
restaurant_684.tsv	this typical elegant versilian beac club with an openplan feel extending from the car park to the beac serves topquality cuisin to guests its facilities includ an entranc loung stylish
restaurant_1134.tsv	tan simon chefpatron of this stylish modern restaurant located fin residential district offers his creativ cuisin that reinterprets italian flavors modern key food for him is
restaurant_1652.tsv	thre talented young entrepreneurs who are passion about good food hav taken over this historic restaurant and hav given it new leas of lif the cuisin is contemporary and imagin
restaurant_109.tsv	wid choic of fresh fish and menu with firm focus on fish and seafood served larg dining room offering views of the spectacul sunsets
restaurant_1646.tsv	the marsupin family has been running this trattor enthusiastically and warmly sinc 1901 the chefs suggestion pays homag to the territory accordanc with tradition and the win cell
restaurant_1120.tsv	enric bartolin who has been awarded mor michelin stars for his restaurants around italy than any other chef continues to impress and surpris his guests having achieved thre stars for this
restaurant_653.tsv	situated quiet street the centr of rom this modern trendy restaurant is part of the pantheon hotel talented chef francesc apred from campan is at the helm the kitchen wher he
restaurant_1108.tsv	as the nam of this restaurant suggests couscous takes prid of plac on the menu althoug other sicilian specialities can also be sampled her delightful atmosph especially summer when
restaurant_135.tsv	with its delightful location an old rural abbey warm welcom friendly atmosph and excellent “homestyle” cuisin whic focuses on the region’s classic dishes this restaurant appeals to
restaurant_121.tsv	the cuisin served at this restaurant comes from deep knowledg of the region is inspired by tradition and yet constantly evolving at dam guests will find creativ cuisin with an equal
restaurant_647.tsv	the old town simpl and informal location but on the floor below ther are two rooms between the roman walls of aost for cuisin of remarkabl quality the chef often starts from local
restaurant_1493.tsv	located the historic centr of an attract villag by the lak this restaurant is good option for anyon wanting to try umbrian cuisin dishes mad from freshwater fish pik carp tenc
restaurant_1487.tsv	situated near port venez and its lush gardens giul and andrea’s restaurant boasts warm and original ambienc thre dining rooms adorned with tapestries and an entranc with fin whit
restaurant_492.tsv	welcom to the wonderful world of chef giul baldessar creativ chef who enjoys introducing guests to his gastronomic world ther are two dining options her the tasting menus showcas
restaurant_486.tsv	traditional restaurant serving regional cuisin as well as skilfully prepared fish dishes mad from fresh produc specialities includ benevent beef fillet and octopus aspic jelly
restaurant_1450.tsv	small bar busy with locals acts as sort of “antechamber” to this typical trattor with summer terrac on tricesimo’s main squar the restaurant whic boasts traditional regional features
restaurant_1336.tsv	pleasant restaurant with thre charming dining rooms wher the whol family pulls together with spectacul results delicious regional cuisin is to the for with dishes such as venison
restaurant_1322.tsv	once you’v found the car park mak your way to this restaurant’s small traditional dining room wher you will be warmly welcomed by the owner real win enthusiast and well looked after by
restaurant_479.tsv	situated the villag squar this restaurant is run by coupl – she’s front of hous whil he’s the kitchen – who use top quality local produc to prep mix of traditional and
restaurant_1444.tsv	situated amid hills secluded and panoramic location this farmhous offers guestrooms spa and restaurant wher meat often cooked over the grill takes prid of plac on the menu
restaurant_337.tsv	patienc is needed to get to this restaurant from the coast as result of the winding road whic makes its way throug small villages but once her the view of the sea is breathtaking the
restaurant_451.tsv	situated charming small town crisscrossed by canals this restaurant serves traditionally inspired fishbased dishes the restaurant stands on the port facing the fish market so it’s no
restaurant_445.tsv	after majestic picturepostcard approac via long avenu lined with cypress trees and maritim pines passing vineyards and maremm cattl along the way you finally arriv at this restaurant
restaurant_323.tsv	the sign outsid this restaurant the centr of the typical villag of cères bears the words “ ristourànt valàdess at lanss oubèrgi” enjoy regional cuisin with personalised twist with
restaurant_1478.tsv	just stone’s throw from the centr and also accessibl from the ski slopes this contemporary alpinestyl restaurant boasts spacious dining room and larg pictur windows traditional
restaurant_1440.tsv	situated between pordenon and avi the magical magred region this elegant restaurant – still run by the canton family – celebrates its 150th birthday 2023 the attract comfortabl
restaurant_1326.tsv	the district famous for its port portes market this restaurant run by two talented business partners is definitely worth visit andre oversees the minimaliststyl dining room whil luc
restaurant_469.tsv	the galler vittor emanuel ii is one of the most iconic sights milan and as such it is apt that it is hom to this star of italian cuisin cracc is not just gourmet restaurant – it’s
restaurant_1332.tsv	occupying priv hous this restaurant boasts coupl of old stubestyl dining rooms one of whic is highly romantic and dates back to the 13c – althoug it looks as thoug the vintag wood
restaurant_1454.tsv	situated near the ski slopes the gourmethotel tenn lodges this restaurant is decorated with profusion of wood the larg dining room is the backdrop for delicious modern cuisin whic is
restaurant_327.tsv	this restaurant is constantly reinventing itself offering fresh ambienc with minimalist yet welcoming decor the menu changes accordanc with what’s availabl at the weekly market – as
restaurant_441.tsv	the anonymous location of this restaurant car park just stone’s throw from the historic centr is mor than compensated by its lively and welcoming atmosph attract outdoor are plus
restaurant_455.tsv	tru to itself as always latin is real florentin institution whic continues to keep tuscan traditions aliv both its small rusticstyl dining rooms and its typical regional
restaurant_1468.tsv	terrac framed by gran columns overlooks the coast and port cerv at this restaurant whic is decorated light shades and pastel tones echoing the colours of the sea imagin fish
restaurant_333.tsv	from its flooring to its tables this restaurant has the charming nostalgic feel of typical trattor its simpl dining room whil the outdoor spac an inner courtyard under
restaurant_1483.tsv	housed rustic building on the green slopes facing the lak this restaurant has welcoming feel with its ston and wood decor and larg windows looking out at beautiful shaded garden
restaurant_1497.tsv	an informal restaurant with bottles of win from the enotec on the walls adding charming touc the menu features delicious traditional dishes mad from topquality franciacort ingredients
restaurant_482.tsv	regional dishes including homemad pastries and desserts as well as meat and salum from the family’s own farm are to the for this typical restaurant with beautiful wooden furnishings
restaurant_496.tsv	this welcoming restaurant with an openview kitchen serves cuisin influenced by the traditions of mantov and the venet alongsid mor creativ dishes inspired by the chef’s imagination the
restaurant_1124.tsv	situated near the churc of the sam nam the upper part of noto’s historic centr this restaurant is one of the best the are modern and minimalist setting marc baglier serves
restaurant_119.tsv	this elegant intim restaurant with subdued lighting is the perfect choic for romantic gourmet dinner the chef offers several different menus allowing guests to choos the main cours
restaurant_1642.tsv	an aromatic herb garden greets visitors to this restaurant followed by jasminecovered alcoves that provid the perfect setting for romantic dinner fin weather or if you prefer to eat
restaurant_1656.tsv	longestablished restaurant with renowned reputation thanks to the enthusiasm of the family at the helm and the excellent cuisin on offer the carefully designed menu focuses mainly on
restaurant_1130.tsv	this new restored restaurant the upper part of the sass yet still near the centr of mater and its car parks has warm friendly ambienc and boasts small charming outdoor spac her
restaurant_1118.tsv	beautifully kept restaurant just stone’s throw from the arch of augustus warm and welcoming the restaurant’s vintag style echoes the 19c origins of the building as well as the 1970s the
restaurant_643.tsv	once off the main road follow series of twists and turns uphill to reac the villag of acquapart at an altitud of almost 800m wher you’ll find one of the best restaurants the region
restaurant_125.tsv	this gastronomic institution has been an emblem of the versil region for the past 40 years ever sinc it opened 1981 and is now proudly run by daughter chiar an expert sommelier who
restaurant_131.tsv	small restaurant just stone’s throw from the sea whic is memorabl for its chic decor and intim ambienc the cuisin combines traditional influences with an innov approac resulting
restaurant_657.tsv	the 19c millston press and cisterns can still be seen the dining room at this restaurant bearing witness to its past as an oliv oil mill situated spectacul coll val d’els
restaurant_864.tsv	the elegant finedining restaurant at calett boutiqu hotel cal lun boasts an attract dining room rizz mar wher meals are served low season as well as an open garden on via
restaurant_1681.tsv	180° views of the val venost provid the theatrical setting for chef gerhard wieser’s precis technical cuisin at this restaurant wher the tasting menu changes with the seasons and focuses on
restaurant_1859.tsv	situated one of the typical squares of lucca’s beautiful historic centr this restaurant boasts four dining rooms – the central room is adorned with shelves of win bottles whil the others
restaurant_1695.tsv	situated just few minutes from the seafront promenad quiet residential district this restaurant with relaxing ambienc serves delicious ligurian cuisin with focus on organic
restaurant_870.tsv	housed the village’s historic win cell this well kept rustic style restaurant with typical wooden ceilings serves traditional regional cuisin
restaurant_680.tsv	situated on the outskirts of ferrar this reliabl classicstyl restaurant now run by the fifth generation of the sam family serves carefully prepared cuisin based around local ingredients
restaurant_12.tsv	this friendly restaurant has pleasantly convivial and lively ambienc try selection of homemad antipast to start followed by generous portions of traditional cuisin from monferr
restaurant_858.tsv	this longestablished restaurant just outsid sondr has been run for the past decad by gianluc whos experienc injects new lif into traditional dishes from the local region as well as
restaurant_1865.tsv	this restaurant the new hom of young chef luc abbruzzin occupies the first floor of historic palazz the town centr whic has recently been converted into small hotel offering six
restaurant_1871.tsv	situated small villag the bass brescian region this restaurant comes as something of surpris due to its focus on fish with the selection of raw seafood options and the
restaurant_694.tsv	this restaurant housed an 18c building is run by its talented and enthusiastic owners serg front of hous and annar the kitchen who do the utmost to provid guests with the best
restaurant_1050.tsv	small indoor dining room and verand with lak view and sliding windows whic open completely summer provid the setting for regionally inspired dishes and lak specialities at this
restaurant_1736.tsv	the former furor inn hotel has reopened with new contemporary mediterranean look and new nam the furor grand hotel along with new gourmet restaurant the bluh furor boasting whit
restaurant_1722.tsv	this old 18c farmhous has exposed brick ceiling beams and an impress fireplac it makes feast of tasty tuscan cuisin elaborated from local ingredients especially meat settl into the
restaurant_1044.tsv	situated an attract retrostyl room to the rear of an elegant delicatessen this restaurant offers just four tables and restricted menu of topquality traditional emilian dishes the
restaurant_737.tsv	served an elegant dining room or on the delightful outdoor terrac fin weather the highly creativ cuisin at this restaurant has its roots regional traditions and excellent local
restaurant_1.tsv	overlooking the dock this restaurant boasts timber decor and 180° views of the sea and punt ala the islands of elba gigl and montecrist and the argentar – delightful panoram whic
restaurant_723.tsv	originally from testacc the district of rom that is historically associated with butcher’s shops chef francesc ciucc serves som of the best meat dishes the italian capital including
restaurant_1078.tsv	accessed via steep narrow flight of steps this restaurant boasts traditional and friendly ambienc the cuisin is traditionally tuscan pic past with ragu and trip are among the most
restaurant_1093.tsv	this restaurant may hav changed management but its location an old carefully restored coac hous with barrel vaults and brick walls remains the sam the regional cuisin has its roots
restaurant_910.tsv	althoug parolin is situated laz chefs isid and rom bring together the influences of thre neighbouring regions the simply prepared dishes namely laz tuscany the beautiful
restaurant_1939.tsv	this pleasant rural trattor has simpl informal ambienc it serves generous portions of delicious regional cuisin including homemad past and excellent meat
restaurant_1087.tsv	the old villag of salinar young enterprising chef runs this simpl restaurant his creativ cuisin is prepared with the best regional produc of romagn
restaurant_904.tsv	this genuinely roman restaurant whic takes its nam from the marches grill film whic symbolises the spirit of rom is elegant and nobl style yet with hint of irony althoug the
restaurant_1911.tsv	run by chef flav cost ligurian by birth and piedmontes by adoption this restaurant is named after the dat his twin daughters wer born housed on an estat that was producing win as early
restaurant_1905.tsv	the difficulty whic perhaps you may encounter when trying to reac this trattor is compensated by the very pleasant family atmosph and genuin hom mad cooking
restaurant_938.tsv	decorated the sam classic elegant style as the famous hermitag hotel whic it is located this spacious restaurant offers an impress menu of modern yet unfussy dishes alongsid
restaurant_1534.tsv	overlooking the tyrrhenian sea the tables at this restaurant offer sea views whether you’r sitting the winter dining room or on the outdoor summer terrac the menu her focuses on
restaurant_1252.tsv	there’s story behind the nam of this restaurant on the 30th day of every month travelling salesman used to stop this small delightful villag the meantim young frenc chef
restaurant_509.tsv	cosy elegant stubestyl restaurant wher the staff wear typical aost valley costum and the menu features dishes with particul focus on chees including an excellent fondu alongsid
restaurant_1246.tsv	occupying late19c palazz what was historic win cell right up to the lat 1960s this wellrun family restaurant serves regional cuisin with contemporary twist the basement dining
restaurant_1520.tsv	this simpl restaurant right on the seafront facing the island of tavolar is run by highly experienced coupl working alongsid an excellent chef who creates modern cuisin from the best fish
restaurant_253.tsv	this lively restaurant with young vibrant atmosph stands next to the butcher’s shop run by the sam family the menu features delicious tuscan cuisin including dishes such as papp
restaurant_1508.tsv	tiny rural villag this contemporary almost minimaliststyl restaurant serves modern cuisin with an emphasis on seasonal regional produc
restaurant_535.tsv	the flavours of naples reinterpreted simpl convincing dishes whic imagination goes hand hand with tradition situated near the vomer district this welcoming restaurant offers
restaurant_521.tsv	two small modern dining rooms with contemporary paintings on the walls provid the backdrop for classic specialities from ferrar as well as the chef’s renowned fish dishes at this restaurant
restaurant_247.tsv	this restaurant boasts rural location the montefeltr region to whic half the menu is dedicated fresh homemad pastas salum porchettastyl rabbit etc the other half focuses on meat
restaurant_1291.tsv	this cheerful and attract contemporary restaurant near the parliament building serves traditional roman cuisin mad from interesting seasonal ingredients there’s pleasant outdoor spac
restaurant_1285.tsv	young coupl she was born chin he’s halffrenc halfitalian hav settled this quiet residential district wher they now run tiny yet successful restaurant with around 20 seats
restaurant_290.tsv	the japanes chef at this restaurant adds his own personal interpretation to italian dishes ther is focus on regions such as marc piedmont and tuscany wher he gained most of his culinary
restaurant_284.tsv	situated the charming historic centr of the upper part of the town right behind the torr gualtier this restaurant occupies 19c building with 15c foundations regional cuisin
restaurant_285.tsv	housed the resort of the sam nam this elegant restaurant is full of historic charm enhanced by its whit damask linen and beautiful candlesticks the win list pays obvious trib to the
restaurant_291.tsv	althoug not on the seafront this restaurant is well worth visit thanks to its excellent owner chef who has had years of experienc to perfect his frenc culinary techniques exciting
restaurant_1284.tsv	it’s well worth leaving the coast and climbing into the foothills to get to this small restaurant serving excellent cuisin housed rusticstyl hous with individual furnishings what
restaurant_1290.tsv	fans of piedmontes cuisin will be the element this restaurant situated the attract novar hills thanks to enthusiastic chef luis marell and her husband angel valazz the latter
restaurant_520.tsv	colourful contemporarystyl restaurant within the locand artist art hotel new address that is striking for its larg art collection displayed throughout its various rooms the
restaurant_246.tsv	situated on the azi agriturist sa mandr this restaurant allows guests to savour one of sardinia’s emblematic ingredients namely delicious roast suckling pig whic is the focus of the
restaurant_1509.tsv	an elegant dining room with larg windows and classic decor provides the setting for modern mediterranean meat and fish dishes the win list features good selection of labels from the region
restaurant_252.tsv	definitely one of the most reliabl restaurants this are vib valent marin overlooks vib marin port and is the perfect choic for anyon keen on classic mediterranean cuisin with
restaurant_534.tsv	fish plays the starring rol her wher the authentic traditional flavours and ingredients of aeolian cuisin are skilfully interpreted with touc of imagin fla if it’s not too hot to
restaurant_1247.tsv	over half century has passed sinc this restaurant was opened 1968 by “mamma” teres and “papa” giusepp – and it’s still going strong and althoug the staff her are proud of the restaurant
restaurant_1521.tsv	typical of the alto adig and situated right next to its own farm from wher the beef on its menu is sourced this restaurant pays careful attention to detail both its decor the staff wear
restaurant_1535.tsv	standing on round terrac this restaurant with fairly plain interior serves dishes mad from som of the best produc of the region – cured hams bread past and famous tuscan meats the
restaurant_508.tsv	chef giorg eugen gogg offers uniqu and authentic gastronomic experienc that focuses on fresh ingredients mostly vegetables many of whic are sourced from small organic gardens the 90€
restaurant_1253.tsv	signor gianell fell lov with this delightful late19c hamlet surrounded by the green hills north of vicenz and bought restaurant her whic she has renovated an elegant feminin
restaurant_1904.tsv	historic palazz built over the foundations of the teatr pompe is hom to this atmospheric restaurant whic brings together history and contemporary art however the real star is the fish on
restaurant_939.tsv	althoug this restaurant now occupies new premises an old building once used for salting fish its style of cuisin featured on thre tasting menus “stor passioni” “mur casa” and
restaurant_1910.tsv	housed the elegant relais vill flor this restaurant occupies natural terrac with breathtaking views of the nissen hills the dishes are predominantly regional style yet reinterpreted
restaurant_1938.tsv	situated picturesqu villag the val serin this familyrun restaurant has welcoming ambienc the menu features small selection of mostly local dishes including specialities such as
restaurant_905.tsv	this restaurant stands on the main squar of delightful villag it serves excellent cuisin that focuses on piedmontes traditions whil at the sam tim being creativ and reasonably priced
restaurant_1086.tsv	althoug the contemporary minimaliststyl decor is typical of japanes restaurants the cuisin will as mor of surpris with its magical blend of classic japanes dishes mad from
restaurant_911.tsv	this rustic restaurant is faithful to the culinary traditions of the are with an added spirit of discovery it is located charming squar pleasant outdoor are for summertim
restaurant_1092.tsv	this famous classic restaurant cagliar serves topquality cuisin its modern dining rooms and on an outdoor terrac the menu features interesting reinterpretations of sardinian dishes
restaurant_1079.tsv	manuel bouchard’s cuisin impressed our inspectors thanks to striking features such as his minimalist approac and the use of just few wellchosen ingredients traditional recipes such as plin
restaurant_722.tsv	this mediterraneanstyl restaurant has the evoc feel of seasid villag with its beautiful photos of the coast on the walls it’s best to book ahead if you want one of the tables on the
restaurant_736.tsv	this topquality restaurant occupies just one simpl minimaliststyl dining room wher the young femal chef serves happy combination of piedmontes ingredients and mor creativ dishes
restaurant_1723.tsv	if you lik fish and you find yourself arezz then this is the plac for you saffron serves rang of traditional and imagin raw fish dishes inspired by different traditions from the
restaurant_1045.tsv	this restaurant is run by an enthusiastic coupl with luc front of hous the classic and welcoming dining room and christian at the helm the kitchen the menu is lighter and less
restaurant_1051.tsv	occupying the sit of restaurant that was highly successful the 1980s and 90s impront is hom to young local chef who showcases skills acquired leading michelinstarred restaurant
restaurant_1737.tsv	situated the heart of the historic centr overlooking the monumental piazz san giustin this restaurant has traditional feel keeping with its location enhanced by typical brick walls
restaurant_1870.tsv	small beautifully maintained restaurant offering concis selection of carefully prepared and attractively presented dishes the cuisin her is often creativ yet inspired by sardinian
restaurant_695.tsv	situated next to the villag churc this restaurant has been serving excellent south tyrolean cuisin sinc as far back as 1602 hous specialities includ caned press dumplings and
restaurant_859.tsv	occupying the atmospheric setting of the eden theatr former late19c musical caf this restaurant adorned with beautiful libertystyl frescoes is the perfect backdrop for elegant
restaurant_13.tsv	housed an old 17c hay barn near the duom belltower this interesting win bar offers around 400 different labels to accompany an array of simpl yet wellprepared traditional dishes including
restaurant_681.tsv	just few tables and an elegantly contemporary decor provid the setting for cuisin with focus on the sea with simpler dishes availabl at lunchtim and mor creativ far served the
restaurant_1864.tsv	it is widely accepted that the best carbonar rom is served this restaurant we hav to agre – and this is no mean feat given that this is one of the capital’s iconic dishes however
restaurant_1694.tsv	the chef at this small gastronomic restaurant serves cuisin whic acts as bridg between basilic and tuscany the two most significant regions his lif resulting creativ delic
restaurant_871.tsv	boasting fresh topquality feel kuccagn is run by young and energetic management team the menu features meat and fish dishes alik including cuts of meat cooked over the everpresent
restaurant_865.tsv	just stone’s throw from the famous vial cipress avenu one of italy’s bestknown wineproducing areas this restaurant occupies one of the region’s most famous wineries namely guad
restaurant_1858.tsv	its pleasant surpris to discover the well maintained and friendly modern establishment this hous the centr of town creativ dishes of piedmontes cuisin
restaurant_1680.tsv	following recent refurbishment el fil is now even mor comfortabl than ever boasting an alpineinfluenced decor that is striking for its contemporary style the dolomites and ladin culinary
restaurant_130.tsv	occupying an early 20c building the heart of pallanza’s picturesqu historic centr this authentic bistr now has young and contemporary feel run by massimil celest talented chef
restaurant_656.tsv	regional specialities including snails and pik historical establishment once an inn now an elegant establishment under the management of signor umbert
restaurant_642.tsv	this restaurant celebrates its 25th birthday 2021 with owner feder chignol returning to the kitchen ably assisted by his son filipp the cuisin has changed too and now focuses on local
restaurant_1119.tsv	situated right on the seafront miky is one of the best restaurants for fish including the famous monteross anchovies the region serving cuisin whic is mor and mor exciting and
restaurant_124.tsv	this restaurant housed within the elegant vill franc hotel the upper part of posit boasts small bright dining room with distinct black marbl tables just seven of them glass
restaurant_1657.tsv	housed within the box multifunctional spac that is hom to vintag cars and contemporary art works surrounded by garden with splendid oliv trees this restaurant serves excellent fish and
restaurant_1131.tsv	housed what appears to be simpl villag hous on street corner this restaurant boasts four original and comfortabl dining rooms including the romantic rustic ambienc of the former win
restaurant_1125.tsv	modern designerstyl restaurant staffed by young and efficient frontofhous team the cuisin showcases traditional piedmontes recipes created with respect and enthusiasm resulting
restaurant_1643.tsv	this restaurant housed country hous dating from the 19c offers elegant period dining rooms and menu featuring mediterraneanstyl meat and fish dishes
restaurant_118.tsv	an elegant restaurant with rustic yet chic atmosph wher the cuisin manages to surpris without losing its connection to local traditions her ingredients from the lagoon are prepared
restaurant_497.tsv	alic is the finedining restaurant at borg santandre beautiful luxury hotel situated just outsid the villag of conc marin on the amalf coast wher both the hotel and restaurant
restaurant_483.tsv	situated on the ground floor of the palazz gherardesc and surrounded by beautiful matur gardens palag is gourmet evening restaurant decorated elegant refined neoclassic style
restaurant_1496.tsv	originally monastery this building dating back to the 11c was later transformed into an inn having closed at the beginning of this century the building has now been fully renovated and
restaurant_1482.tsv	situated fairytal setting this property resembles castl althoug it was fact built as customs hous on the po river the 14c althoug the family’s ancestors wer once workers on
restaurant_454.tsv	there’s been recent chang management at this informal friendly restaurant whic serves generously portioned carefully prepared dishes from the region and elsewh italy at highly
restaurant_332.tsv	chef terry giacomell has taken inspiration from his travels around the world to cre his nin menu whil his classic option focuses on italian favourites his cuisin features combination of
restaurant_1469.tsv	as you enter this restaurant you’r struck by the sight of hundreds of bottles of win lining the walls first and foremost win bar innocent win experiences is transformed into restaurant
restaurant_326.tsv	the legendary san pietr is one of the jewels of the amalf coast as well as one of the most famous hotels the world zass its michelinstarred restaurant is extremely popul with visitors
restaurant_440.tsv	templ for the production of culatell ham whic featur the dishes served and is also matured on the premises the maturing rooms are well worth visit vedel also serves other
restaurant_1333.tsv	surrounded by the greenery of the brianz hills this vill on the outskirts of the villag boasts delightful garden and an elegant dining room with verand althoug the cuisin her is
restaurant_468.tsv	if you lik walking our advic is to approac this restaurant on foot from the lively cors umbert taking the steps up to the duom san giorg and then enjoying pleasant stroll throug
restaurant_1455.tsv	this elegant restaurant with chairs and tables of different designs and original workmanship it is skilful chef filipp moriggi’s cuisin that really captures your attention the interesting
restaurant_1441.tsv	already popul the lat 19c this inn the town’s historic centr has retained its vintag atmosph period furnishings and decor the cuisin focuses on local produc with fresh past
restaurant_1327.tsv	this restaurant once referred to as “l’oster cava’i” referenc to the cart drivers and the horses who used to stop her after the first world war has history dating back 100 years
restaurant_1457.tsv	this restaurant housed marzamemi’s old tun fishery boasts an outdoor terrac with tables overlooking one of the most picturesqu squares sicily as well as an indoor dining room and another
restaurant_1331.tsv	spanish influences are evident the cuisin served at this lively restaurant situated the heart of this bustling town after years spent working spain the ownerchef has returned to
restaurant_1325.tsv	an interesting choic of win with plenty of options by the glass attent servic classic yet contemporarystyl dining room and good honest cuisin prepared by ownerchef paol the
restaurant_1443.tsv	lid and guid alci opened the restaurant 1961 and italian cuisin has not been the sam sinc – the hard work signalled the beginning of real chang whic revolutionised cooking
restaurant_318.tsv	ciel is the gourmet restaurant at the splendid and aptly named sommit hotel whic is housed typical old mansion right at the top of this whitewashed town with its limeston steps the
restaurant_330.tsv	althoug the cuisin at cosm is influenced by the ingredients and culinary traditions of campan this restaurant is also an excellent choic for thos searc of mor elabor and creativ
restaurant_456.tsv	having returned to his nativ villag ownerchef luc test has opened this restaurant former sheepfold on the outskirts of the villag perched at an altitud of 950m the restaurant boasts
restaurant_442.tsv	young enthusiastic and professional coupl has taken over the reins at this modern and welcoming restaurant serving cuisin that is inspired by sustainabl and seasonal approac ingredients
restaurant_1319.tsv	the nam of this restaurant gives good indication of the experienc you can expect her culinary voyag throug the chef’s varied selection of recipes and ingredients som from the alps
restaurant_324.tsv	small welcoming restaurant full of sicilian charm chiar welcomes guests front of hous and pepp works the kitchen creating fin traditional cuisin reinterpreted with his own personal
restaurant_1494.tsv	this beautiful warm and welcoming country hous fresh past dishes tak up much of the spac on the menu – and deservedly so whether you opt for mor traditional or creativ dishes the
restaurant_1480.tsv	situated the picturesqu historic centr of cell this old boathous with typical brick ceiling is now hom to an excellent gourmet restaurant wher young chef creates som of the most
restaurant_495.tsv	chef cicc sult provides an intim portrait of sicily at this restaurant situated just stone’s throw from the duom san giorg the heart of ibla one of the most charming historic
restaurant_481.tsv	this simpl restaurant stands out for its delicious authentic cuisin whic is influenced by ligurian and italian traditions alik the culinary techniques used are classic both its meat
restaurant_1133.tsv	located residential district on the edge of town this unexpected elegant fish restaurant offers refreshing chang from the typical boiled meat dishes of moden guests can choos the
restaurant_668.tsv	chef andre laross real connoisseur of the ingredients and tradition of piedmont but equally at eas with mor creativ cuisin is at the helm at this restaurant wher larg dining room is
restaurant_1655.tsv	far away from the tourist hordes veniss is situated small walled vineyard dating back to the middl ages – compl with 14c belltower – on the small island of mazzorb magical setting
restaurant_1899.tsv	housed on the ground floor of the elisabeth due hotel this restaurant enjoys fin reputation the are around fan recent years the ownerchef has intensified his efforts to sourc
restaurant_1641.tsv	housed beautiful historic building this business originally win bar henc the nam “enoteca” gradually developed into restaurant over the years the menu focuses uniquely on fish
restaurant_1127.tsv	once you’v passed throug vietr heading towards the amalf coast you to the giardin fuent perched on cliff sloping towards the sea this hotel complex boasts beac terraced
restaurant_654.tsv	for over 40 years the ventr family hav been championing the flavours of irpin seeking out the region’s best seasonal ingredients thes are then used traditional dishes such as soups as
restaurant_132.tsv	the magnificent biodynamic rai farm an enchanting 180hect oasis between nov ligur and gav is hom to contemporary art foundation the ross cair family winery steiner school for
restaurant_1669.tsv	opened 1910 this historic restaurant with an attract shaded outdoor pergol serves an extens array of delicious local fish prepared traditional recipes enjoy selection of typical
restaurant_126.tsv	small cosy completely wood panelled stub has been set up this residential building the menus are traditional but invent
restaurant_898.tsv	situated on the second and top floor don’t worry there’s lift of the historic kursaal building this panoramic penthousestyl restaurant has recently been given new contemporary design
restaurant_640.tsv	undeniably characteristic and refreshing dug out of the rock that once formed the old aragones walls the four dining rooms this restaurant run one into another under brick arches and then
restaurant_39.tsv	nestled amid the win estates and rolling hills of monferr this historic farmhous has been carefully restored its enthusiastic owners the restaurant her serves contemporary dishes inspired
restaurant_873.tsv	delightful restaurant overflowing with memories of the past wher the topquality cuisin has strong roots the gastronomic traditions of this region including selection of meats cooked
restaurant_1696.tsv	from its location the heart of rom this restaurant takes guests on culinary journey across the glob with focus on asi and japan particul anthony genoves blends influences from
restaurant_1682.tsv	farmhous on the edges of town this restaurant has rustic dining are with modern tables and chairs and beautiful summer terrac with view authentic local dishes
restaurant_867.tsv	two hug red lamps welcom guests to this minimaliststyl restaurant decorated dark typically asian colours the carefully prepared cuisin focuses on modern reinterpreted chines dishes
restaurant_697.tsv	highly renowned his nativ veron michelin starred chef gianc perbellin has now opened restaurant milan wher he continues to offer traditional italian cuisin from the north and
restaurant_1872.tsv	after spending tim working the aost valley chef giacom devot from sarzan has returned to his nativ region wher he has converted an old 17c country farmhous nestled amid tranquil
restaurant_1866.tsv	boasting quiet informal and youthful atmosph this restaurant overlooking the main squar surprises guests with its simpl ideas and impress culinary techniqu it’s immediately obvious
restaurant_683.tsv	classical rustic style environment with walls ston and brick vaulted or wood and ston ceilings the cuisin is authentically local but with pleasant touc of creativity
restaurant_11.tsv	this restaurant the heart of the historic centr has been set up an 18c hamlet the cuisin is strictly traditional but skilfully reinterpreted to tak advantag of contemporary tastes
restaurant_1047.tsv	situated the heart of brer and refurbished the autumn of 2019 this restaurant showcases italian artisanal skills throug its bespok furnishings creating fin setting for canzian’s
restaurant_1721.tsv	the word “modern” sums up the cuisin her althoug mor than one word is needed to do justic to this restaurant housed an old courtyard typical of lombardy acquerell focuses on flavour
restaurant_1735.tsv	opened 1912 and now run by the fourth generation of the sam family this is one of the best restaurants the oltrep paves are if you’r looking to sampl the gastronomic delights of this
restaurant_708.tsv	the heart of the etruscan resort clos to the synagogu tuscan dishes small restaurant with well stocked win cell and two dining rooms hewn out of the rock
restaurant_1053.tsv	situated on the ring road whic runs around ibla one of the most charming and picturesqu historic districts sicily this restaurant is as delightful as its surroundings desp being partly
restaurant_2.tsv	pictur postcard hay barn immersed the silenc of the woods provides the perfect setting to sampl traditional recipes choos from specialities such as montebor flan with acac honey
restaurant_720.tsv	situated on the fifth floor of the due torr hotel the restaurant has recently been refurbished giving it an even mor charming and atmospheric feel than befor the cuisin is creativ style
restaurant_1709.tsv	situated on the main road running alongsid the sea this pleasant restaurant with larg car park occupies late19c building that has been transformed into an attract rusticstyl eatery
restaurant_734.tsv	overlooking the picturesqu squar the town’s oldest medieval district and accessed throug its arcaded portic this restaurant boasts two dining rooms with an attract nostalgic feel and
restaurant_1084.tsv	business for over 20 years arca is definitely one of the best restaurants this are elegantly modern style with part of the kitchen open to the dining room the restaurant owes its
restaurant_907.tsv	tucked away corner of the town centr this restaurant has small entranc that opens into two bright and airy dining rooms with an elegant feel the cuisin is typical of romagn with
restaurant_1090.tsv	an ancient farmhous dating back to the 15th century the characteristic vaulting of the ceilings is ston furnishings are excellent tast and professional management guarantees full
restaurant_913.tsv	this restaurant is bolz institution it is typical inn whos origins are lost the mists of tim and is still furnished traditional biedermeier style the menu focuses on regional
restaurant_1906.tsv	situated just behind the beautiful piazz de ferrar this restaurant with quiet ambienc and elegant decor provides the backdrop for young chef daniel rebosio’s superb everevolving cuisin
restaurant_1912.tsv	at this restaurant ownerchef franc francios focuses on the abruzz dishes whic are both traditional and modern the cuisin showcases the best ingredients from the region including
restaurant_278.tsv	situated small rural hamlet this restaurant is one of the best the venetian hinterland for topquality fish served welcoming dining rooms the fish and seafood dishes her are
restaurant_1523.tsv	the several tasting menus at this restaurant includ an ontrend vegetarian option mediterranean menu with an excellent tun chateaubriand and spring onion jelly the typical piedmontes “
restaurant_1245.tsv	situated secluded location this small gem of restaurant boasts skilfully restored ston dining room with welcoming feel the menu her has cle frenc influenc evident both the
restaurant_1251.tsv	named after the slaughterhous opened oppos the premises 1927 this restaurant was taken over 30 years later by the grandfather of one of the current partners as he was convinced that the
restaurant_1537.tsv	housed what was once an old family hom this elegant restaurant serves delicious regional cuisin the menu includes dishes that hav been skilfully and imaginatively enhanced by the chef
restaurant_244.tsv	the first sight to greet you when you enter this restaurant is barbecu grill for cooking meat the meat itself can be seen ageing nearby with numerous cuts and meats to choos from and the
restaurant_1279.tsv	once you hav passed promising display of products sit down one of the two light and airy elegant dining rooms or on the pleasant summer terrac cuisin from land and sea
restaurant_522.tsv	situated on giarre’s main street this small simpl restaurant has just few tables and an informal atmosph the menu offers small selection of reasonably priced dishes with focus on
restaurant_536.tsv	both the berghotel ladin and its restaurant of the sam nam boast warm vintag alpinestyl ambienc with wood decor that tells the story of this business whic opened as simpl inn back
restaurant_250.tsv	from the classic restaurant on the first floor no lift of this early 20c palazz you’ll enjoy fin views of the sea and the strait of messin her skilled chef filipp cogliard prepares
restaurant_1286.tsv	situated residential district on the outskirts of town this simpl restaurant with colourful decor serves excellent cuisin althoug many of the dishes are typical italian favourites it
restaurant_1292.tsv	the mott of this restaurant is “in step with the times yet inspired by tradition” the cuisin her is mad from fresh seasonal ingredients with particul focus on fish prepared using
restaurant_287.tsv	once you’v left your car the car park and crossed the bremb river you enter fairytal setting of meadows and horses surrounded by the orobic peaks her the cuisin is declaration of
restaurant_293.tsv	situated the heart of port nuov the most modern district of milan and an are that “is liked by peopl who are liked” to use the words of an old advertising slogan this restaurant
restaurant_292.tsv	situated via stell this restaurant eschews an overly ornat decor favour of simpler mor contemporary and elegant style whic is enhanced by striking works of art massim bottur is
restaurant_286.tsv	this welcoming restaurant the hills surrounding lak alser makes guests feel completely at hom the two young chefs with plenty of experienc behind them cre modern dishes with
restaurant_1293.tsv	as its nam suggests this restaurant once garag on piazz cestell has young minimalist ambienc the welcom and servic her are friendly whil the cuisin is never ordinary
restaurant_1287.tsv	situated amid the attract alleyways the centr of rho this simpl yet pleasant and friendly restaurant serves delicious local cuisin abruzz specialities are to the for including dishes
restaurant_537.tsv	housed 16c farmhous with and outdoor swimming pool the cam piccol agritur stands on hill overlooking the umbrian countrysid 10 minutes’ driv from montefalc her chef
restaurant_251.tsv	simpl environment manages to cre an interesting cuisin the menu is quit extens the dishes are authentic and the atmosph is welcoming
restaurant_245.tsv	don’t be misled by the word trattor – this is an elegant restaurant offering superb views of the surrounding hills the cuisin her is constantly changing with use of local produc whic is
restaurant_523.tsv	small bistrostyl restaurant with an evening loung bar situated narrow alleyway the town centr the young team her serv imagin mediterranean meat and fish dishes prepared from
restaurant_1278.tsv	housed beautiful early20c residenc with panoramic terrac overlooking the hamlet of san don pogg this restaurant comprises dining room and winter garden to the rear of the
restaurant_1250.tsv	santag poised between two gulfs don alfons represents an imag of southern italy the family and mediterranean cuisin found few other restaurants boasting an enchanting garden
restaurant_1536.tsv	situated the centr of villag the bass bergamasc are this longestablished familyrun restaurant has rustic decor softened by the owners’ femal touc the overall feel is that of
restaurant_1522.tsv	enjoy traditional cuisin served an elegant 16c dining room with fireplac or mor informal trattoriastyl rooms of whic are decorated with the sam theatrical them the recipes
restaurant_279.tsv	run by the iaccarin family who are renowned for the mediterranean cuisin at santag due golf som dishes from whic featur on the menu her this restaurant owes much to its
restaurant_1244.tsv	delicious cuisin full of the flavours of the mediterranean prepared by the german owner chef delightful littl restaurant the bustling centr of cefalù simpl surroundings but
restaurant_1913.tsv	nestled between splendid beaches and bays this restaurant focuses on the sea not only its views but also its cuisin the owner takes centr stag the dining room whil the dishes
restaurant_1907.tsv	soak up the ambienc of historic genov this restaurant whic serves specialities such as paniss ric seafood salad and ligurian fish dishes its informal and comfortabl dining room the
restaurant_912.tsv	whether you din indoors on the bright verand or the win cell with its barrels and wines produced by the estat you’ll enjoy cuisin at this familyrun restaurant whic has gained
restaurant_1091.tsv	minimaliststyl restaurant featuring wood decor an extens display of bottles and som windows boasting partial yet splendid views of the dolomites the chef her prepares creativ
restaurant_906.tsv	small slic of paradis the historic centr of modic wher the daughters of ownerchef pepp baron continu the family culinary tradition whil adding the youthful influenc to the
restaurant_1085.tsv	classic fish restaurant that opts for simply prepared dishes rather than fussy invent avant gard cuisin the perfect address for thos searc of traditional far
restaurant_1708.tsv	this restaurant overlooking the magnificent piazz grand and the logg vasarian that takes up one whol sid of the squar was opened the summer of 2022 by the enthusiastic fatjon and
restaurant_735.tsv	this restaurant situated the maz of alleyways that makes up the historic centr of cegl boasts tables small atmospheric inner courtyard the restaurant has long been famous for its
restaurant_721.tsv	occupying the charming romantic setting of thousandyearold monastery this restaurant serves meals either its sal pap dining room or at tables arranged delightful inner
restaurant_3.tsv	this delightful alpin style restaurant stands the picturesqu upper section of the val formazz the menu features local specialities reinterpreted with light modern twist outdoor dining
restaurant_1734.tsv	situated on the seafront facing the small tourist harbour of san leon this elegant restaurant boasts an attract summer terrac with relaxed ambienc her you can savour selection of
restaurant_1052.tsv	gourmet food win boutiqu and luxury butcher’s shop one this restaurant serves remarkabl produc and delicious cuisin at the tables behind its gleaming windows whil its wid
restaurant_709.tsv	anton and mariapaol the current generation at the helm of this restaurant ably assisted by the next generation hav had hug success her having achieved and maintained michelin star for
restaurant_1046.tsv	the best way to enjoy the delicious cuisin served at this restaurant the upper part of town surrounded by woods and vineyards is to ask for recommendations from signor anna the owner and
restaurant_1720.tsv	situated next to the castell scaliger one of the most attract alleyways of sirmion rucol 20 is striking for its contemporary ambienc dominated by profusion of wood the cuisin
restaurant_1867.tsv	the former bar of the railway station situated the park next to the station has been transformed into this glassfronted restaurant with terrac for summer dining exciting personalised
restaurant_10.tsv	you’ll need to allow plenty of tim to get to the inland villag of san desider wher bruxabosc has been run by the sam family and delighting guests sinc 1862 but the journey is certainly
restaurant_682.tsv	ambitious italian cuisin including som dishes inspired by frenc traditions creatively prepared with the occasional use of mor exotic ingredients if you’r having problems choosing from
restaurant_696.tsv	long established rustic style restaurant with an impress open fireplac the middl of the dining room the cuisin is seasonal with grilled meats and whit asparagus on the menu at
restaurant_1873.tsv	16c working mill rooms full of atmosph one with fireplac and servic summer on the lakesid typical vicenz cuisin with vegetarian dishes
restaurant_1683.tsv	situated vast historic park near the centr of brunic this restaurant occupies vill that was once part of the moessmer textil factory – to illustr the fact an interesting fabric
restaurant_866.tsv	not far from piazz popol and rome’s most exclus shopping streets this restaurant is situated the palazz ripett hotel what was once the refectory of 17c convent today the
restaurant_872.tsv	this old monastery moirag overlooking the navigl paves canal was founded 1250 and converted into an inn as early as 1478 centuries may hav passed but the tradition of hospitality
restaurant_38.tsv	famous chef carl cracc has opened restaurant what was once pitosfor right oppos the small harbour portofin so that his lucky guests enjoy fin views of the water the small
restaurant_1697.tsv	althoug getting to this restaurant is not easy the pleasant driv that takes you throug calabria’s beautiful countrysid dotted with countless oliv trees makes it even mor worthwhil at the
restaurant_127.tsv	this is one of cagliari’s most interesting restaurants – real must if you find yourself visiting sardinia’s capital city its long narrow dining room with modern furnishings enjoy simpl
restaurant_641.tsv	situated on the fifth floor of the hotel bulgar with views of the mausoleum of augustus ristor nik rom boasts spacious terrac and an elegant welcoming dining room with mahogany
restaurant_899.tsv	the ownerchef’s calabrian origins are evident on menu that combines mediterranean cuisin including fish and seafood with piedmontes specialities and showcases beautifully presented dishes
restaurant_655.tsv	situated the historic centr of small villag the parc pollin this long established restaurant has one culinary aim – to keep aliv traditional local dishes such as raviol with
restaurant_1668.tsv	after mor than 60 years business this trattor housed an old warehous for storing fishing nets is still solid choic for quality and pric alik situated the centr of cav
restaurant_133.tsv	the location of this rooftop restaurant could hardly be mor glamorous head up the most famous flight of steps the world to the hassler hotel wher you tak lift up to one of the italian
restaurant_1640.tsv	situated the historic centr of not whic is slowly returning to lif after the earthquak this restaurant is part of the smart palazz senec hotel you pass throug succession of small
restaurant_1898.tsv	stronghold of milanes cuisin for over 30 years sadler now has new location the cas baglion hotel beautiful art nouveaustyl building dating from 1913 the restaurant has
restaurant_1126.tsv	the prototyp of typical romagn restaurant run by an efficient and friendly family team excellent choic of high quality first and second courses including fresh past hams and salamis
restaurant_669.tsv	the menu at this restaurant features meat and seasonal ingredients served personalised recipes and contemporarystyl dishes ther are also thre tasting menus the main one consists of eight
restaurant_1132.tsv	situated slightly abov the marin this elegant restaurant has young chef at the helm who has cemented his reputation via contemporary occasionally creativ dishes whic showcas the best
restaurant_1654.tsv	this restaurant the centr of this small town is run by the silvestr family father and son summer book one of the tables the charming outdoor spac overlooking the squar the menu
restaurant_480.tsv	japanes cuisin served small restaurant wher both the cuisin and decor are minimalist style her young chef satosh hazam creates light dishes full of japanes flavour mad from
restaurant_494.tsv	this restaurant with lowkey hushed atmosph has the feel of tastefully furnished priv hom with an open fir lit winter and cool welcoming outdoor dining spac for the warmer
restaurant_1481.tsv	this rustic vintagestyl country restaurant run by the alajm brothers stands on the banks of the sil river just few minutes from the venetian lagoon and overlooks vegetabl garden
restaurant_1495.tsv	situated period building not far from the duom this restaurant has long dining room whic resembles an aisl leading to the openview kitchen to the rear the dining room itself is
restaurant_1318.tsv	this longestablished restaurant has been part of the milanes culinary scen for over 60 years and continues to attract foodlovers searc of topquality cuisin today it serves generous
restaurant_443.tsv	the small historic center of town coupl with comprehens management experienc operates this well maintained modest restaurant offering eclectic cuisin
restaurant_325.tsv	small minimalist restaurant the town centr wher both the ambienc and the cuisin are contemporary style with hint of sardinian influenc the chef is originally from the island
restaurant_331.tsv	situated just stone’s throw from the concattedral san pietr apostol auror boasts cheerful and contemporarystyl dining room with colourful furnishings soft lighting and plenty of
restaurant_457.tsv	this building has been hom to restaurant sinc the 16c making it one of the oldest bolz today it houses an elegant restaurant that serves balanced combination of traditional local
restaurant_1324.tsv	situated few metres from the lak the centr of the villag this welcoming and longestablished family restaurant boasts dining room that transforms into verand with outdoor dining
restaurant_319.tsv	renowned for its fish this restaurant offers good choic of raw fish and delicious plateau royal the elegant spacious dining room boasts restful colour schem and views of the lak
restaurant_1442.tsv	this charming restaurant is built on the sit of an old 18c oliv oil mill part of whic is still used as convivial win cell secluded and tranquil location the rest of the building is
restaurant_1456.tsv	sinc 1967 this small restaurant has been delighting locals and visitors alik with its vast array of fish and seafood dishes including grilled and skewered specialities the fresh fish display
restaurant_1330.tsv	this restaurant occupying an old post hous that dates back to the tim of mar louis duchess of parm lies amid the verdant landscapes of the parc regional bosc carreg just
restaurant_356.tsv	from andor head uphill along winding road then leav the car the car park and follow path throug the vineyards to get to this restaurant wher meals are served either on panoramic
restaurant_430.tsv	as you explor the narrow streets whic lead from the commercial port to the centr you’ll across this restaurant comprising several inter connected dining rooms with low ceilings and
restaurant_424.tsv	situated on the fourth floor of the seeport hotel this restaurant boasts summer roof garden offering stunning sea views the chef nativ of ancon who trained with gualtier marches serves
restaurant_1419.tsv	surrounded by walls dating back to the 13c this intim and romantic setting is typical of old spolet with the exposed beams and stonework the elegant dining rooms are the perfect backdrop
restaurant_342.tsv	the larg pictur windows at this restaurant offer fin views of the tyrrhenian sea whil the menu features imagin recipes with focus on fish and seafood the most popul dishes includ “
restaurant_1431.tsv	his small openview kitchen situated the centr of this restaurant chef bacher burkhard develops his vision of fusion cuisin with energy and precision combining flavours from italy and
restaurant_1357.tsv	period furnitur regional cuisin and cheerful ambienc are som of the characteristics of this old farmhous whic is named after the 1800s when it was built som of the ingredients used
restaurant_418.tsv	not far from the 12c basil san ferm this restaurant is housed the palazz soav formerly palazz malaspin bottagis this historic address boasts highly elegant rooms with the “
restaurant_1343.tsv	natur plays starring rol her both terms of the restaurant’s location at the foot of the camaldol monastery and the seasonal cuisin mad from locally sourced ingredients choos 3
restaurant_1425.tsv	situated just outsid the pedestrianised are of beautiful mer the main dining room of this restaurant has welcoming feel and is decorated attract artnouveau style her ownerchef
restaurant_395.tsv	situated the suburbs off the main tourist trail this fish restaurant also has fishmonger’s next door the fish and seafood cuisin served her is highly interesting featuring modern recipes
restaurant_381.tsv	saporium is the new finedining restaurant at the superb relais borg sant pietr an old property wher the internal decor demonstrates rar eleganc especially the evening when hundreds
restaurant_1394.tsv	enjoy topquality emilian cuisin at this restaurant whic focuses on the region’s most traditional bestknown and authentic recipes featuring superb selection of hams and salamis fresh
restaurant_1380.tsv	having just celebrated the 50th anniversary they opened 1971 this restaurant and hotel of the sam nam remain solid culinary referenc on the abruzz coast the menu her is dedicated
restaurant_1169.tsv	decorated the sam simpl and rustic style as the hotel ros whic it is housed this restaurant boasts an attract terrac overlooking the sea and the coast call advanc to book one
restaurant_632.tsv	the elegant zel restaurant enjoys beautiful setting the garden of 15c inner courtyard whic also boasts an attract summer terrac the cuisin is modern style created by chef who
restaurant_154.tsv	overlooking the picturesqu main squar of ceton whic can be admired from the outdoor tables this restaurant has classic ambienc typical tuscan cuisin with an emphasis on meat dishes
restaurant_140.tsv	city that has its fair shar of roofgarden eateries this restaurant stands out as one of the most popul with fin panoramic views that tak the castel dellov capr the sorrentin
restaurant_626.tsv	sar who is extremely knowledgeabl about wines offers guests an interesting selection of wines and helpful recommendations whil fab is at the helm the kitchen preparing original cuisin
restaurant_1155.tsv	thos who judg only by appearanc will walk on thos who do not will cross the threshold of this small restaurant to savour the delight of local recipes reinterpreted modern form
restaurant_168.tsv	situated the charming villag of bagn romagn and surrounded by beautiful rolling hills teverin is culinary nam full of history this are the cuisin her demonstrates different
restaurant_1633.tsv	fans of piedmontes cuisin will find one of its best exponents this restaurant located at the end of beautiful porticoed street the historic centr savour som of italy’s most exciting
restaurant_1627.tsv	fish and seafood tak prid of plac on the menu at this restaurant just few minutes’ driv from the beac the ownerchef the second generation sinc 1973 is happy to advis guests on food
restaurant_1141.tsv	enjoy imagin sicilian dishes created by multistarred michelin chef perbellin this beac restaurant that was once familyrun trattor the delightful natural setting acts as the
restaurant_88.tsv	this authentic family restaurant situated quiet mountain villag with just few inhabitants serves delicious homemad cuisin the ownerchef her delights guests with his decidedly tuscan
restaurant_63.tsv	housed charming small vill dating from the early 20c this multifunctional spac combines an informal barcumbistr with gourmet restaurant wher the chef delights guests with his
restaurant_829.tsv	this establishment is practically trattor one can din either of two characteristic rooms separated by brick archway the cuisin is typical of the naples are and ric dishes are the
restaurant_197.tsv	this perfectly restored old mill is hom to chef who creates original cuisin that demonstrates her connection with her region and showcases ingredients grown the restaurant’s own kitchen
restaurant_1814.tsv	situated the historic centr of the charming small villag of san felic benac duo is the project of young chefs daniel ghedin and feder pelizzar the latter also oversees the front
restaurant_183.tsv	situated the aeolian islands this charming inn is hom to young chef martin carus who having practically grown up her has returned hom to tak up the reins at signum after format
restaurant_1800.tsv	this restaurant at the entranc to the historic centr boasts delightful garden whic leads to porc wher tables are set out summer – an enchanting setting that feels as thoug you’r
restaurant_77.tsv	situated hous dating from 1877 as the nam suggests the pedestrian heart of old courmayeur this restaurant serves traditional cuisin with an imagin twist spring wild herbs
restaurant_1196.tsv	from the centr of sorrent you follow succession of roads downhill to marin grand the town’s old picturesqu fishing villag that is well worth visit her facing the water you’ll find
restaurant_815.tsv	this unusually named restaurant bislacc is the italian for eccentric delights guests with its fin cuisin especially its delicious chocol desserts ther is even chocol fountain for
restaurant_1828.tsv	the owner chef of this restaurant small villag nestling the lucan dolomites focuses on regional cuisin serving dishes inspired by her two muses – her mother and grandmother dishes
restaurant_1182.tsv	located right next to the pont vecc the symbol of bass grapp this restaurant boasts an elegant almost alpin decor with soft lighting and minimalist feel summer our advic is
restaurant_801.tsv	named after san gennar st januarius whos relics are said to lie the cathedral nearby this restaurant celebrates traditional authentic specialities from campan such as octopus
restaurant_746.tsv	diners will enjoy the lengthy win list availabl by the glass and historical cuisin at this restaurant location known for its atmosph
restaurant_752.tsv	the partnership between chef sadler and the baglion chain can now be experienced venic at this restaurant occupying quiet intim dining room with an openview kitchen an elegant
restaurant_1009.tsv	the nam of this excellent hotelrestaurant on the border with the alto adig region is cle referenc to the snowshoes used winter excursions tret as well as to the local traditions
restaurant_1021.tsv	situated the heart of town this secluded busy and welcoming win bar serves delicious piedmontes dishes and good selection of wines by the glass chosen from the wellstocked win cell
restaurant_1747.tsv	one of sicily’s most iconic fortified villages whic once prospered as tun fishery and is now popul tourist attraction cortil arab serves carefully prepared and occasionally elabor
restaurant_1753.tsv	situated priv beac club facing the sea this restaurant combines relaxed atmosph with an elegant feel thanks to its professional owners who hav worked as restaurateurs for many
restaurant_1035.tsv	the mother of the current owner opened this busy restaurant medieval alleyway the historic centr giving it her own nam the historic dishes her reflect the culinary traditions of
restaurant_785.tsv	this gourmet restaurant with just few tables is run by two young friends now business partners at brame with one at the helm the kitchen the other front of hous extens tasting menus
restaurant_1960.tsv	there’s no shortag of classic piedmontes ingredients such as anchovies peppers and veal on the menu at this restaurant wher traditional recipes are reinterpreted with personalised and
restaurant_1974.tsv	showcasing regional produc from vegetables to meat and mozzarell to fish from the nearby tyrrhenian sea is real mission for the ownerchef of this elegant restaurant who makes the most of
restaurant_949.tsv	enjoy sicilian specialities and the best produc from the hotel’s orchards and vegetabl garden din welcoming dining room or on the attract outdoor terrac the shad of the palm trees
restaurant_791.tsv	situated the town centr this colourful and discreetly elegant restaurant offers friendly and professional servic the classic cuisin served her is modern style offering choic of
restaurant_961.tsv	situated the luxury park hyatt hotel just few metres from the galler vittor emanuel this restaurant is hom to young chef who serves elegant and occasionally complex cuisin his
restaurant_1784.tsv	situated along the rio de frescad one of venice’s many quiet sid canals this restaurant’s small entranc overlooks an outdoor dining spac enhanced by the wister whic provides the
restaurant_1948.tsv	situated at the entranc to ostuni’s historic centr this restaurant is part of the luxury paragon 700 hotel the charming dining room combines historic features with mor modern decor whil
restaurant_1790.tsv	the new chef at this restaurant has an allencompassing approac that includes fish meat and vegetables on classically influenced menu featuring dishes such as snails butter and “liquid
restaurant_975.tsv	leaving the val serian you follow winding road uphill to get to this small ston hamlet dating back to the 15c with its breathtaking views her group of young friends hav brought this
restaurant_222.tsv	occupying corner of the stunning hotel byblos this restaurant is simil style to the rest of the hotel with its colourful and harmonious blend of the old and the new of whic is
restaurant_1579.tsv	this restaurant tells the story of chef antonin cannavacciuol who created this special plac to reconnect with his childhood memories his grandfather was once the caretaker her and its sens
restaurant_544.tsv	situated not far from the town centr this restaurant has two different spaces – groundfloor bistr plus gourmet dining room on the first floor both beautifully maintained and decorated
restaurant_550.tsv	lussuos hotel vill abbaz ambient sontuos imprezios camin affresc decor depoc laltrettant eleg serviz allapert bell stagion cornic
restaurant_236.tsv	situated the heart of trevis this restaurant – once stronghold of traditional cuisin – is now splendid designerstyl bistr the most atmospheric tables are thos by the canal whil
restaurant_1545.tsv	situated near the castl at the southernmost point of ortig this restaurant is part of the palazz salomon luxury suites and is one of the most elegant places to eat siracus her
restaurant_1223.tsv	the former nineteenth century refectory of the nearby churc has becom the laboratory of chef who is as skillful as he is creativ wrapped the warm atmosph of the brickwork of the
restaurant_578.tsv	named after the ancient greek nam for ponz this restaurant is situated abov the port and boasts fin views of the island’s picturesqu houses and rugged coastlin from its terrac with an
restaurant_1237.tsv	real bastion of local cuisin for over 60 years thanks to the hard work of an entir family the menu features mountainstyl cuisin including gam dishes small selection of local cheeses
restaurant_1551.tsv	desp its simpl appearanc this restaurant housed the hotel of the sam nam serves interesting traditional cuisin whic is well prepared and full of flavour
restaurant_587.tsv	the charming setting of an old hamlet chef david canell who has plenty of experienc behind him serves delicious elegant cuisin presented on tasting menu and an à cart on whic
restaurant_593.tsv	situated corner of the charming littl squar marcian marin just few minutes from coton one of the oldest and most beautiful parts of the town the restaurant serves mediterranean
restaurant_1586.tsv	it’s difficult to imagin mor exclus setting for restaurant than the vill pergol splendid historic residenc surrounded by delightful botanic garden whic can be visited for
restaurant_1592.tsv	housed palazz full of history – the building was synagogu befor the 1693 earthquak and has retained its ritual bath its charming room of mirrors – this restaurant bears the imprint
restaurant_1593.tsv	situated on the outskirts of bresc this longestablished restaurant has an elegant retr atmosph the cuisin is varied with balanc of fish and meat dishes as well as som excellent
restaurant_1587.tsv	situated the historic centr of umbertid beneath two arches the main squar wher monastery once stood this restaurant serves personalised and modern cuisin its thre dining rooms
restaurant_592.tsv	after an uphill approac if you’r arriving her on foot you into the vill bardin museum complex and from ther into this elegant and welcoming restaurant whic provides the setting for
restaurant_586.tsv	one of the most famous butchers italy has now turned his hand to cooking at two locations solocicc or officin bistecc the menu is uniqu and served at specific tim with meat
restaurant_1236.tsv	beautiful position insid the bay the restaurant serves dishes with contemporary twist that enhanc the local products and the good ingredients the offer is divided between the bistrot
restaurant_1550.tsv	decorated elegant bistr style and skilfully renovated with contemporary furnishings tuorl serves dishes based on traditional piedmontes recipes reinterpreted with modern techniques and
restaurant_1544.tsv	the entranc from the street does littl to prep you for the surpris that awaits once you’v taken the lift down to this restaurant wher the dining room looks out at the beac and guests
restaurant_579.tsv	run by the capabl mayr family this longestablished restaurant has occupied narrow alleyway the centr of bressanon brixen sinc the lat 19c the dining rooms are decorated historic
restaurant_1222.tsv	the centr of the villag classic very simpl atmosph for this family run establishment with typical gastronomic dishes
restaurant_551.tsv	family run informal servic car the choic of raw materials typical welcoming trattor with venetian and seafood cuisin delightful outsid are the summer
restaurant_237.tsv	specialities from lower piedmont and the lomellin region are accompanied by few freshwater fish dishes and traditional frogs’ legs on the menu at this restaurant whic also offers fin array
restaurant_1578.tsv	this comfortabl and informal “gasthaus” with simpl yet welcoming and contemporary feel is run by talented chef herbert hintner the undisputed master of alto adig cuisin housed within
restaurant_223.tsv	corner of tuscany bologn wher famous soups such as riboll and papp pomodor are followed by pappardell past with wild boar trip beef pepper stew and of cours fiorentin
restaurant_545.tsv	boasting the attract ambienc of typical italian trattor palomb has been run by the cint family sinc 1965 and is now the hands of the third generation the menu features umbrian
restaurant_1791.tsv	this modern and elegant restaurant filipp chooses thre products every day and creates surpris meal for guests with thes ingredients an original ide whic is certainly worth try but
restaurant_1949.tsv	althoug the beautiful views of the lak with only cycle path between the restaurant and the water and mountains on the oppos shor can be admired from the dining room fin weather it’s
restaurant_974.tsv	once 1890 post hous on the road to abruzz today many sided restaurant with fireplac and murals depicting the ciociar lifestyl ther is win bar and the rooms are stylishly
restaurant_960.tsv	the small room is characteristic and the cold season the atmosph is warmed every sens by the crackling fireplac the chef suggests the most varied produc of the lagoon lots of
restaurant_1785.tsv	as its nam suggests the dining room at this restaurant is splendid and elegant verand whic transfers out onto the terrac overlooking the lak fin weather perfect setting for the
restaurant_1975.tsv	situated oppos the churc of sant mar vallicell known to locals as chies nuov or new churc this restaurant is named after its owner and maîtred’ alessandr piper young chef cir
restaurant_790.tsv	located just stone’s throw from the hous thought to hav belonged to christopher columbus this restaurant boasts welcoming dining rooms wher the experienced scal family serv seasonal
restaurant_948.tsv	charming restaurant occupying an old stabl with shaded terrac wher guests can din alfresc overlooking the garden one of the most popul restaurants the region pat owes its
restaurant_784.tsv	this restaurant now one of the most popul bistros venic started out as typical venetian “bacaro” the cuisin focuses on traditional mediterranean and venetian dishes including
restaurant_1961.tsv	this interesting new restaurant the historic heart of mantov takes its nam from phras local dialect with translates as “sour” sug the cuisin her is regional yet modern served
restaurant_1752.tsv	elegant atmosph but informal an establishment whic offers servic overlooking the giudecc canal the summer traditional meat and fish cuisin with venetian specialities
restaurant_1034.tsv	situated on the edge of the historic centr this simpl restaurant with just few tables serves beautifully presented dishes the menu features limited number of options mad with the
restaurant_1020.tsv	althoug recently restored this restaurant has retained its strong alpin character the cuisin is regional style and reinterpreted with an imagin and contemporary twist
restaurant_1746.tsv	housed within the boutiqu hotel nives this contemporary alpinestyl restaurant focuses on specialities from the alto adig with the addition of coupl of fish dishes that nearly always
restaurant_1008.tsv	modern trendy setting chef gianluc dagostin prepares creativ gourmet cuisin with the occasional campanian influenc addition to this separ part of the restaurant guests
restaurant_753.tsv	slightly off the beaten track yet still the town centr this restaurant boasts courtyard setting for summer dining plus an intim interior room with just few small squar tables subtl
restaurant_747.tsv	an authentic neighbourhood trattor with just one differenc – it is so good that its fam has travelled far beyond the streets of ostiens whic it is situated and so it is often crowded as
restaurant_800.tsv	one of the best places to discover tuscan cuisin and that of arezz particul this restaurant serves exquis dishes full of flavour just few tables are laid out along the main street
restaurant_1183.tsv	housed within the cantin nerv the town centr this contemporary restaurant with completely open kitchen offers guests the choic of eating at the larg counter facing the kitchen or at one
restaurant_814.tsv	an imagin cuisin for the elegant club hous located insid sports centr managed by two great enthusiasts of the culinary art you will receiv hearty welcom
restaurant_1197.tsv	classicstyl dining room adorned with mirrors and silverw acts as the backdrop for fish and seafood dishes at this restaurant the raw fish is particularly excellent as are the mup
restaurant_1829.tsv	housed 17c palazz this charming restaurant is very popul with locals alfresc dining summer just few tables so it is best to book as well as efficient and attent servic
restaurant_1801.tsv	the seafood specialities the car the choic of rar produc and the originality of the proprietor characteris this establishment situated as it is the basement of building
restaurant_182.tsv	the nam seems to origin from the broken horsesho ronchett of napoleon who 1800 appears to hav stayed the night her wher ther was indeed post hous wher horses wer shoed later
restaurant_76.tsv	young and modern restaurant situated residential are about 2km from the centr wher the ownerchef offers thre tasting menus territor tradizion cavall scoss and the mor
restaurant_828.tsv	restaurant with light and relaxing tones run by two brothers one the kitchen and the other charg of the front of hous who continu the family tradition thes new premises mostly
restaurant_62.tsv	althoug this restaurant the historic centr of suveret has the welcoming ambienc of traditional trattor its cuisin is mor creativ and elabor style whil still offering few
restaurant_1815.tsv	olmo takes its nam from the larg elm tre that stands the centr of cornaredo’s small squar symbol of the town’s pedestrianised are this new restaurant opened by chef david oldan has
restaurant_196.tsv	occupying modern lakesid building nestling botanic gardens this restaurant has an elegant and contemporary feel althoug the dishes served by new chef massimil blason hav
restaurant_1626.tsv	an elegant dining room and delightful terrac with sea views – it’s worth making reservation ahead of tim high season excellent fish at reasonabl prices with specialities such as pot
restaurant_89.tsv	situated right under the bell tower small hamlet this restaurant has two romantic stub style dining rooms one is decorated elegant 19c style whil the other is simpler and mor
restaurant_1140.tsv	the barpasticcer milan par excellenc this caf run by the famous michelinstarred chef his gourmet restaurant is on the first floor of the sam building also makes pleasant choic for
restaurant_1154.tsv	the classicstyl dining room this restaurant situated the flamin district belies the gourmet discoveries that await her with echoes of traditions from laz that act as inspiration for
restaurant_1632.tsv	housed what was once the family pastry shop this gourmet restaurant run by the fossacec brothers is minimalist contemporary and almost neutral style so that nothing detracts the attention
restaurant_169.tsv	this restaurant was opened 2003 completely renovated significantly simpl style the tables are wooden the cuisin is enjoyabl tried and tru
restaurant_141.tsv	this old country hous is the setting for som of the region’s most innov cuisin there’s no choic her just one long surpris tasting menu with many courses that takes guests on
restaurant_627.tsv	booking advanc is highly recommended at this traditional tuscan restaurant hom to grocer’s shop as well as trattor whic has loyal and regul clientel most guests her for
restaurant_633.tsv	just six intim tables modern restaurant with fin views of the lak throug its larg windows – the view is even mor delightful from the summer terrac the chef blends the flavors of his
restaurant_1168.tsv	choos from an interesting traditional à cart and two tasting menus one autumnbased the other traditional both excellent valu for money at this comfortabl restaurant wher guests are
restaurant_155.tsv	with its exposed bricks and beams this restaurant housed an 18c building has historic feel delightful wisteriashaded summer terrac plus menu featuring fish dishes and mor creativ
restaurant_1381.tsv	bastion of classic piedmontes cuisin this restaurant housed beautiful period palazz boasts panoramic terrac and romantic garden for alfresc dining the dining rooms echo the
restaurant_1395.tsv	very small and unusual restaurant with bistr feel and tables outsid only either at the counter with stools overlooking the sea or the mor traditional outdoor dining spac althoug the
restaurant_380.tsv	having been business for over 50 years and with newly expanded team cascinalenuov continues to serv its classic favourites such as veal’s tongu millefeuill and foi gras with port
restaurant_394.tsv	park one of the streets near this restaurant and prep yourself for delightful journey throug sicily and its culinary traditions chef pin cuttai who is demonstrably lov with his
restaurant_1342.tsv	boasting tranquil homely atmosph typical of the region and with nam that pays homag to lak cand this restaurant occupies mid18c farmhous that is now located within the town its
restaurant_419.tsv	occupying the sam red hous as chef alessandr degan’s gourmet restaurant the oster is wher this chef turns his attention to mor traditional dishes meat and fish alik whic are often
restaurant_1424.tsv	under the arcades of piazz named after michel ferrer this restaurant has simpl modern ambienc with walls covered with win bottles as well as friendly efficient femal staff the
restaurant_1430.tsv	situated scenically impress setting nestling the vallefredd countrysid and housed an original avantgard building this sophisticated restaurant serves carefully balanced and
restaurant_1356.tsv	situated the heart of port nuov this restaurant has one wall mad entirely of glass allowing plenty of daylight to perm its elegant contemporarystyl dining room whic is perfectly
restaurant_425.tsv	situated pedestrianised are of the old town the historic “societ operai mutu soccorso” soms – workers’ mutual aid association has been transformed into bright welcoming
restaurant_343.tsv	the pleasant outdoor spac and som of the hotel rooms at zunic overlook civitell tronto’s central squar on whic this restaurant stands for mor than 100 years zunic 1880 has been
restaurant_1418.tsv	this restaurant takes its nam from the warrior statu dating back to the 6c bc whic was discovered capestr aquil provinc 1934 the statu carved from singl block of local ston
restaurant_357.tsv	on the slopes of the tofan and directly overlooking the ski slopes characteristic and romantic mountain lodg with contemporary touc whos design manages to combin tradition and modernity
restaurant_431.tsv	this unexpected gourmet restaurant is housed sports centr just outsid the historic centr of recan birthplac of famous italian poet giacom leopard at the helm the kitchen young
restaurant_341.tsv	to giv you an ide of the alpin location of this restaurant framed by the costabell mountain chain suffic it to say that for centuries it was used for mountain pastur there’s breathtaking
restaurant_427.tsv	on the fifth floor of 177 via toled this restaurant exhibits works of art by contemporary artists its elegant dining room delightful artisanal skills from campan are also featured on the
restaurant_433.tsv	this minimalist restaurant situated below the medieval san giovann tower the picturesqu pedestrianised historic centr of nol the ownerchef serves contemporary cuisin that echoes the
restaurant_1368.tsv	located charming medieval hamlet dating back to the 13c this authentic oster serves homestyl traditional regional dishes – the chard and ricott raviol served with chees and oil are
restaurant_355.tsv	talented and brilliant chef is at the helm this restaurant the town’s historic centr wher elegant contemporarystyl dining rooms provid the backdrop for technical cuisin that
restaurant_1426.tsv	not only the restaurant but larg part of the tantalising menu as well is based on the tun caught the nets open kitchen two small dining rooms and two pleasant littl terraces
restaurant_1340.tsv	modern and welcoming restaurant the heart of the town wher the modern design is echoed by the contemporary cuisin whic combines regional dishes with influences from elsewh italy
restaurant_1354.tsv	arranged over several floors and different dining rooms this smart elegant restaurant offers excellent servic this modern setting with subtl lighting enjoy typical japanes
restaurant_1432.tsv	the nam says it – milanes dialect “belè” means beautiful and the word is an apt description of this restaurant bel is charmingly lit by an oldfashioned chandelier on whic the pieces
restaurant_369.tsv	one of the best places rom whic to sampl the cuisin of laz this restaurant is renowned across the glob for its generous portions of carefully prepared regional specialities
restaurant_382.tsv	red door just few metres from the sea marks the entranc to this longestablished restaurant familyrun business for over century whic boasts two small dining rooms with brickvaulted
restaurant_396.tsv	as its nam suggests this restaurant and loung bar is situated right on the jetty of the yachting club messin elegant and minimalist style decor as well as creativ cuisin with focus on
restaurant_1383.tsv	this restaurant occupying an elegant vill panoramic location with views of tod and the surrounding countrysid serves modern cuisin with its roots umbrian tradition the extravirgin
restaurant_1397.tsv	this lively and welcoming bistr furnished with smart wooden furnitur is the setting for cuisin whic focuses on carefully chosen ingredients presented with the minimum of fuss althoug the
restaurant_625.tsv	serendib the old nam for sri lank means “to mak happy” – an ambitious promis but one whic this welcoming restaurant serving typical indian and sri lankan dishes manages to keep the tasting
restaurant_143.tsv	this attract welcoming modern restaurant stands polignano’s main street scen of the town’s evening “passeggiata” not far from the statu of the great domen modugn nativ of this
restaurant_1618.tsv	housed within an elegant late19c hotel overlooking the lak this romantic restaurant offers stunning views from its outdoor terrac the cuisin is mainly italian with the occasional modern and
restaurant_157.tsv	following road that twists and turns uphill surrounded at first by vineyards and fruit trees and then by woodland you climb to an altitud of 900m to reac this restaurant run by the geiser
restaurant_631.tsv	situated thre kilometres east of posit this familyrun restaurant has been business for almost 60 years and is one of the most popul the region – and for good reason the
restaurant_1142.tsv	housed smart hotel this modern and minimaliststyl restaurant boasts larg pictur windows whic allow guests to enjoy som of the most beautiful sunsets the region either from the
restaurant_619.tsv	just stone’s throw from piazz barberin this simpl friendly familyrun restaurant has just few tables arranged clos together it serves typical dishes from the emil region including
restaurant_1624.tsv	this restaurant is housed typical island hous with rustic furnitur and larg terrac with sea views her the cas family look after guests are responsibl for the impress win
restaurant_1630.tsv	one of the town’s authentic favourites this fish restaurant has pleasant light coloured decor inspired by the sea the eclectic cuisin includes tapas and raw fish dishes
restaurant_1156.tsv	the famous finedining restaurant at the beautiful palazz avin hotel features classic elegant dining rooms and stunning terrac boasting views of one of the most spectacul stretches of the
restaurant_74.tsv	brilliant chef felix basso’s menu is inspired by northern europ he offers one singl menu that changes regularly depending on market availability and that requires diners to book ahead
restaurant_180.tsv	follow the signs to casamadr the specialist food shop next door to get to this gourmet restaurant wher the chef surprises guests with modern cuisin that is full of character the dishes
restaurant_1803.tsv	situated next to the hotel of the sam nam referenc to the faraglion islands just off the coast her but with its own entranc this restaurant overlooks the beautiful rivier ciclop
restaurant_194.tsv	this smart elegant restaurant whic has particularly romantic ambienc the evening has been serving topquality fish bolz for over 20 years prepared traditional italian style
restaurant_1817.tsv	situated just few metres from the famous spherical sculptur by arnald pomodor this welcoming restaurant is now even mor appealing following its recent refurbishment her ownerchef
restaurant_60.tsv	ther are just fiv tables at this restaurant the majestic palac hotel wher the plantthemed decor on the walls echoes the romantic views throug the window of one of the most beautiful
restaurant_1181.tsv	over century of history and various generations of the sam family at the helm hav given reassuring solidity to this restaurant inland ligur the airy classically furnished dining
restaurant_48.tsv	situated on the first floor of beautiful period palazz this restaurant recalls the style of winter garden wher natural daylight greenery and pretty floor tiles contrib to the
restaurant_802.tsv	this historic centrally located restaurant and adjacent bar overlooking the main squar aost has been brought back to lif by enthusiastic young chef paol griff who offers two tasting
restaurant_1195.tsv	situated on one of the region’s most beautiful coast roads this restaurant with charming garden of oliv trees boasts stunning views of the sea whic can be admired either from the dining room
restaurant_816.tsv	it was lov story between an american and local girl from for that led 1949 to the opening of this restaurant overlooking the port with its attract verand boasting fin sea views
restaurant_751.tsv	copper pots and lids and photos of locomotives adorn the walls of this friendly and welcoming trattor enjoy generous portions of local specialities including delicious snails cooked butter
restaurant_989.tsv	situated on the rooftop of the eden hotel this modern restaurant boasts enchanting views of the historic centr of rom from the quirinal to st peter’s at the helm the kitchen salvator
restaurant_1778.tsv	this small establishment is good spot the old town centr its tables are bit cramped but they hav smart tabl settings and well prepared regional ingredients are served
restaurant_745.tsv	this restaurant has an informal fashionabl atmosph with young confident staff and fin invent cuisin inspired by traditional dishes
restaurant_1036.tsv	this building with minimalist contemporary design is situated on the edge of the historic centr at the santerasm belved from wher summer panoramic views extend over mont coner and
restaurant_1750.tsv	situated within the mandarin oriental hotel popul choic for international travellers this restaurant serves cuisin that reflects the cosmopolitan flavours of milan thre tasting menus are
restaurant_1744.tsv	situated on road that climbs throug the apennines between romagn and the marc this small restaurant serves good simpl and traditional romagn cuisin the menu features homemad past
restaurant_779.tsv	the focus at this restaurant is on local ingredients including sustainably caught fish and seafood the set menu changes lin with the seasons and the availability of ingredients whil the
restaurant_1022.tsv	situated narrow street the city centr this stylish elegant restaurant is renowned for its traditional dishes and seafood specialities simpler far at mor moder prices availabl at
restaurant_792.tsv	makorè’s new gourmet ventur offers guests delightful dining experienc wher the focus is on vegetables as well as fish from the adjacent fishmongers the chef demonstrates his culinary skills
restaurant_1977.tsv	aboc the word is spanish for “to get closer” demonstrates the argentin origins of this restaurant’s young chef who aims to offer his guests reasonably priced gourmet cuisin seasonal
restaurant_1963.tsv	clinging to the slopes at the foot of mont sibill tigl has returned to its original hom after few years based port recan the new modern designerstyl restaurant includes few
restaurant_786.tsv	palazz is the renowned restaurant at the palazz murat hotel whic is run by the attanas family din alfresc the restaurant’s beautiful botanical garden with its tiny vegetabl patc
restaurant_976.tsv	the nam of this restaurant refers to the year whic the hotel whic it is located the park hotel holzner was opened whil the design is nod to the liberty style of the period desp
restaurant_1793.tsv	always good choic for gourmet cuisin this lovely restaurant within the hotel mar boasts fin location with garden for summer dining overlooking the beac and the sea whether you’r
restaurant_1787.tsv	renowned over the years for its traditional piedmontes cuisin cas vicin is situated near the lingott factory easily accessibl by metr if you don’t hav car on the top floor of the “
restaurant_962.tsv	situated panoramic location on cal volp bay this trendy restaurant serves excellent cuisin with focus on sardinian specialities and other mediterranean dishes there’s beautiful
restaurant_235.tsv	business sinc 1850 and now run by the sixth generation this traditional and historic family trattor is mecc for fans of bass padan cuisin the simpl yet authentic ambienc is warm
restaurant_1208.tsv	this restaurant is run with great enthusiasm by the evangel family henc the abbreviation evan’s it specialises delicious fish and seafood prepared mainly classic style althoug
restaurant_553.tsv	occupying corner of the central piazz popol the delightful historic centr of ruff this family restaurant also liqueurmaker is surrounded by old palazz whic add to the charm
restaurant_547.tsv	the are around montor famous for its cipoll ram copper onion is now also hom to gourmet restaurant thanks to young chef francesc cerr whos cuisin is inspired by locally sourced
restaurant_221.tsv	this restuarant has good win list with focus on local labels as well as an excellent selection of regional specialities on the menu dishes includ agnolott type of stuffed past with
restaurant_209.tsv	an unexpected gourmet restaurant typical priv beac club on the romagn coast with dining room that opens on to the beac with its long lin of beac umbrellas the dishes her are
restaurant_1552.tsv	housed 15c building the centr of town this restaurant boasts beautiful vaulted ceilings and smart elegant ambienc the young ownerchef serves cuisin with traditional focus whic
restaurant_1234.tsv	dark colours and modern decor are the main features of this excellent restaurant whic occupies two floors and is highly recommended for its gourmet japanes specialities cooked and raw dishes
restaurant_1220.tsv	situated at the entranc to the pedestrian section of the beautiful city of trent this intim restaurant has modern minimalist and vaguely nordic style with just few solid wood tables
restaurant_1546.tsv	the locand capit and the tipic offer menus showcasing traditional umbrian dishes the former serves gourmet cuisin whil the latter offers simpler menu the win list boasts over 400
restaurant_590.tsv	small restaurant overlooking the lak lesin wher everything revolves around the professionalism and experienc of the owner chef who selects the best produc from the lak region
restaurant_584.tsv	at this centrally located contemporary style trattor sampl local dishes and much mor besides it also offers excellent accommodation the gerry’s bedrooms are both comfortabl and
restaurant_1591.tsv	situated amid the picturesqu alleyways of spaccanapol this typical trattor offers tables set closely together simpl informal dining room neapolitan cuisin is to the for her
restaurant_1585.tsv	following compl refurbishment the new pergol pays trib to the colours and materials of rom from the travertin marbl to the red colour schem the terrac has also had facelift but
restaurant_1584.tsv	the 19c country hous that is hom to this charming restaurant is surrounded by its own garden whic can be enjoyed throughout the year thanks to its new glass verandastyl dining room – the
restaurant_1590.tsv	this romantic restaurant on the lakeshor has welcoming elegant ambienc and delightful terrac for summer dining the cuisin pays particul attention to topquality seasonal ingredients
restaurant_585.tsv	the elegant atmosph at this restaurant is typical of taormin and of sicily’s old villas it offers just eight tables laid out on terrac adorned with bougainville and overlooking taormin
restaurant_591.tsv	world of haut cuisin still dominated by mal chefs caterin ceraud stands out for her authorit presenc and larg personality her restaurant is housed charming agritur
restaurant_1221.tsv	situated on the lakefront the attract town of pell this modern and welcoming restaurant occupies an old building whic has been restored and furnished with stylish and harmonious decor
restaurant_1547.tsv	orto is the restaurant of the delightful nin trull resort its beautiful mediterranean courtyard enjoy personalised wellpresented dishes wher meat and fish are balanced by the use of
restaurant_1553.tsv	this restaurant cuneo’s historic centr boasts two bright dining rooms as well as friendly and professional femal staff and dishes prepared by two chefs that are feast for the eyes and the
restaurant_208.tsv	housed an early 20c farmhous this restaurant boasts the typical ambienc of traditional multigenerational trattor whil the cuisin focuses on classic dishes that are typical of the
restaurant_1235.tsv	traditional cuisin reinterpreted with modern twist with whol pag of the menu dedicated to meat dishes meals are served an attract stubestyl room with warm mountain ambienc
restaurant_546.tsv	papaver is the italian for poppy plant whic grows tall and has strong roots making it an apt symbol for this restaurant housed palazz the town centr few classicstyl rooms
restaurant_220.tsv	althoug from the outsid this restaurant looks to be no mor than group of houses on the outskirts of the villag the effort her focuses on creating fish and seafood dishes mad from the
restaurant_234.tsv	simply arriving cusag near milan wher the imposing castl dominates the attract centr puts you good mood at orland the menu is equally balanced between topquality fish
restaurant_552.tsv	splendid exampl of country trattor whic has been delighting its guests with typical dishes from lombardy for over century meals are served either the attract vintagestyl dining
restaurant_1209.tsv	situated the historic upper section of this picturesqu villag this romantic restaurant serves imagin and colourful cuisin including som excellent local cured hams ther are also six
restaurant_1786.tsv	situated charming medieval villag whic is also hom to coupl of small hotels this attract rustic restaurant an old oliv mill acts as the backdrop for regional and italian
restaurant_963.tsv	the two capitane brothers united by the passion for cuisin yet with very different characters hav opened this restaurant piazz duom following years of experienc working
restaurant_977.tsv	with its classic alpin appeal and wood and ston decor gall cedron at the bertell hotel is still at the top of its gam with evergrowing confidenc sabin fortun continues to
restaurant_1792.tsv	housed late19c palazz this restaurant serves good selection of meat and fish dishes with both traditional and creativ cuisin on the menu delicious flavours typical of the emil
restaurant_1962.tsv	this unexpected ligurian gem is situated trucc small villag the val roi just inland from ventimigl there’s no à cart her just the “ort mare” tasting menu to whic guests
restaurant_787.tsv	this restaurant offers several different options whic to enjoy its delicious meat and fish dishes with modern twist summer the beautiful verand with views of the hills and surrounding
restaurant_793.tsv	this beautiful restaurant inland from salern is run by an enthusiastic coupl with salvator at the helm the kitchen and feder front of hous the dining room has an intim ambienc and
restaurant_1976.tsv	this cocktail bar on the seafront is also restaurant specialising fresh fish served selection of classic dishes such as tart and mor elabor recipes the dining room is modern
restaurant_1745.tsv	regional dishes with the occasional subtl contemporary twist are to the for her the chef’s culinary techniques bring out the flavour of the carefully selected and preserved ingredients
restaurant_1023.tsv	althoug there’s an à cart at this welcoming familyrun restaurant the four tasting menus served her are the highlight “gli esord pap vittorio” traditionally inspired meat dishes “
restaurant_778.tsv	partners lif and business evelyn and carl are young coupl who hav settled arco’s old town wher they hav restored this old inn embellishing it with thre modern and comfortabl
restaurant_1037.tsv	this attract restaurant the heart of alba the gastronomic capital of the lang is hom to chef dam nigr who has previous experienc michelinstarred restaurants the are the
restaurant_1751.tsv	the focus at this restaurant is on variety of local ingredients and specialities that even novic foodlover would recognis as typical of this region the ownerchef at this intim and
restaurant_1779.tsv	this pleasant elegant and contemporarystyl restaurant on the ground floor of the execut spa hotel boasts spacious dining rooms and an extens menu ranging from traditional dishes to raw
restaurant_744.tsv	this simpl tiny restaurant stands just outsid the walls of tarquin barely kilometr from the splendid necropolis of monterozz unesc world heritag sit the femal ownerchef pays
restaurant_988.tsv	the elegant residential prat district is hom to this equally elegant restaurant wher guests din romantic subtly lit dining room served by discreet yet everpresent and professional
restaurant_750.tsv	having spent tim working topquality restaurants gianpaol burb – alongsid his partner paol who works front of hous – has returned hom to the family restaurant small villag the
restaurant_817.tsv	situated the heart of the historic centr this quiet restaurant with attract ston walls and wooden ceilings boasts pleasantly elegant and relaxed atmosph the chef pays particul
restaurant_1194.tsv	an excellent modern inn offering warm family welcom imagin yet traditional dishes mad from marketfresh ingredients with balanc of fish and meat dishes featuring on the menu
restaurant_803.tsv	the nam “my grandfather’s cooking” says it this restaurant serves cuisin from the owner’s nativ tuscany with focus on tuscan ingredients prepared with an updated and modern twist
restaurant_49.tsv	this trattor oppos juliet’s hous open to the public admission fee payabl verona’s historic centr boasts wood panelling period photos and tables set clos together and adorned with
restaurant_1180.tsv	mitec artemid archestr and stor are the names of the menus at this restaurant of whic showcas the ambitious sicilian cuisin created by chef guarner lover of beauty
restaurant_1816.tsv	still italy but just short distanc from the frenc border this restaurant boasts spectacul terrac with views of the frenc coast that extend from menton’s picturesqu historic centr
restaurant_195.tsv	ther are many reasons to visit this excellent family run restaurant the villag centr the most important of whic is the food – fresh vegetables delicious first courses the fresh
restaurant_61.tsv	barett on the outskirts of padov is must for anyon who loves classic traditional fish and seafood thanks to its menu whic includes number of typical venetian dishes the topquality
restaurant_75.tsv	the menu at this restaurant aims to return to the basic principles that lie behind chef massim mantarro’s cuisin namely the use of local and seasonal nich ingredients sicily boasts bounty
restaurant_1802.tsv	housed the beautiful 14c branc dor palazz genova’s historic centr with its typical narrow alleyways this restaurant boasts an extraordinary ceiling decorated with frescoes by bernard
restaurant_181.tsv	tuscan cuisin accompanied by wid selection of wines including regional labels and champagnes mad by small producers is served the rustic yet elegant ambienc of this restaurant fin
restaurant_1631.tsv	now gastronomic institution the city secluded setting immersed natur pinet occupies the ground floor of nondescript building whic the simpl “dated” yet comfortabl
restaurant_1157.tsv	calabrian chef salvator morell brings an innov air to parm city with fin gastronomic reputation influenced by experienc working abroad he embraces divers recipes and ingredients
restaurant_618.tsv	at this restaurant din under pergol with superb views of the sea and strombolicc – the perfect setting for any occasion the menu focuses on fish including raw and dryaged fish options
restaurant_1143.tsv	the dining room at this restaurant is decorated brown tones reminiscent of teapot brightened her and ther by dashes of blu and modern leather chairs the chines chef serves cuisin from
restaurant_1625.tsv	tucked away short arcad on the old road from milan to com this restaurant has simpl minimalist style with bar wher diners can watc the skilful chefs slicing and preparing the fish
restaurant_156.tsv	situated on the navigl away from milan’s bustling nightlif this rusticstyl restaurant is decorated with profusion of wood as the nam suggests fish and seafood tak prid of plac on the
restaurant_630.tsv	this restaurant is named after bartol sassoferr as is the street on whic it stands distinguished 14c jurist from the street you head down few steps to the welcoming dining rooms
restaurant_624.tsv	2022 young souschef gianfilipp gatt becam the ownerchef of this simpl and intim restaurant situated palermo’s historic centr the key attraction her is the quality of the cuisin
restaurant_1619.tsv	immersed natur cerret oster is rural inn wher you can sleep relax hot springs and enjoy fin cuisin the two tasting menus hav vegetabl focus and are accompanied by
restaurant_142.tsv	surrounded by hills planted with oliv trees and agricultural crops and situated on beautiful road leading from the border of the ciociar region to the arcinazz plateau this 19c farmhous
restaurant_1396.tsv	situated the centr of the charming villag of curtaton whic overlooks the river minc this restaurant has been beacon for fans of mantuan cuisin for many years few italian favourites
restaurant_1382.tsv	just few kilometres outsid mandur the capital of primit win this restaurant is part of the vinil win resort whic occupies an imposing early20c castl surrounded by splendid
restaurant_397.tsv	simon nardini’s michelin star continues to shin terracin this elegant restaurant whic is run by young welltrained staff the chef serves exciting creativ cuisin with careful
restaurant_383.tsv	this small welcoming restaurant the provinc of padov is run by its two owners one at the helm the kitchen the other overseeing the warm and beautifully decorated dining room the
restaurant_1355.tsv	situated chiusi’s historic centr this restaurant has the feel of typical tuscan trattor with its traditional vaulted ceiling the chef’s lov for regional cuisin is demonstrated by the
restaurant_368.tsv	the servic is characterized by cohes and friendly team welcoming guests to the small hom brind is an informal reality wher the cuisin is fun engaging and mor than simply
restaurant_1433.tsv	situated the hills immediately outsid bologn amerig pays trib to the typical italian trattor taking guests on nostalgic journey back to tim that will be famil to italians
restaurant_1427.tsv	the district of cannareg rustic environment and informal servic an inn wher you can see into the kitchen and whic offers both fish and meat dishes good choic of wines
restaurant_1341.tsv	this restaurant the heart of the city provides an elegant setting whic to enjoy excellent contemporary mediterranean cuisin with personalised twist added by the talented chef
restaurant_1369.tsv	just stone’s throw from the seafront promenad the historic centr of algher this small gem run by gian luc chess offers the best of sardin the cuisin is showcased on different
restaurant_432.tsv	longestablished trattor opened by married coupl the 1950s and now run by the son lorenz who serves highly personalised cuisin with focus on local ingredients the dishes hav
restaurant_354.tsv	situated amid beautiful rolling hills dotted with vineyards this restaurant is perfect for anyon keen to sampl authentic traditional friul cuisin one the most interesting restaurants the
restaurant_340.tsv	she’s from hong kong whil he’s from suzzar – together this coupl run this welcoming restaurant wher the international focus extends from the dishes whic featur on the menu to the win
restaurant_426.tsv	this small modern and minimalist restaurant is tucked away among the alleyways of the historic centr the predominanc of black combined with dark colour schem gives the dining room an
restaurant_1345.tsv	situated the magical rural and secluded setting of the petr segret resort surrounded by mediterranean maquis scrubland the gourmet fuoc sacr restaurant overlooks delightful garden
restaurant_1423.tsv	the classic wroughtiron outdoor dining spac at this restaurant overlooks one of the most romantic littl squares italy whil the view takes the promontory dominated by its castl –
restaurant_378.tsv	typical neighbourhood restaurant with characteristic feel and lovely fresc summer servic inviting local cuisin and fish menu too
restaurant_1437.tsv	situated within natur reserv this recently renovated restaurant makes the most of its natural materials and bright airy feel the menu focuses on fish dishes mad from freshwater and
restaurant_1351.tsv	situated the hills just beyond bergam this smart elegant and wellrun restaurant has the manzon brothers at the helm the kitchen wher they cre som of the most interesting cuisin
restaurant_422.tsv	fans of campanian cuisin will be the element at this restaurant situated oppos the archaeological sit her the chef serves traditional regional favourites alongsid mor creativ
restaurant_1379.tsv	by car you driv throug pin wood and practically reac the waters edge facing horizon of beac sea and waves to the left you’ll notic small low hous that almost looks lik an
restaurant_344.tsv	simplicity hospitality and informality are the keywords to describ this restaurant the verdant val whic has been run by the nuzz family for mor than 50 years guests to
restaurant_350.tsv	situated one of the region’s most famous and romantic hotels this small gem of restaurant offers just few seats at periodstyl tables small dining room addition to two tables
restaurant_436.tsv	offering limited à cart that includes fish dishes including raw options whic vary according to market availability this restaurant serves what it describes as “typically modern cuisine”
restaurant_1386.tsv	thre dining rooms with modern atmosphere–on of whic overlooking small garden wher the summer ther is room for just thre tables so book early if you want to eat outdoors weather
restaurant_1392.tsv	this restaurant is housed the 18c vill perez pompe sagram room once used as conservatory for orang and lemon trees it serves excellent invent and regional cuisin
restaurant_387.tsv	modern direction with the kitchen well view even from the outsid just short walk from port roman district buzzing with pubs and restaurants the engaging init of bringing
restaurant_393.tsv	situated the town centr this typical familyrun trattor is highly popul with locals and offers excellent valu for money iconic dishes on the menu includ rabbit allarneis and
restaurant_1621.tsv	housed restored hay barn on the edge of the villag this charming rustic restaurant offers traditional cuisin with modern twist good selection of win and an excellent choic of beer
restaurant_1147.tsv	thanks to its hushed ambienc harry’s piccol is an ideal choic for romantic dinner or business meal with fin cuisin prepared by chefs matte metull and david de pra passion dessert
restaurant_1153.tsv	renowned nam milan this restaurant is the setting for mediterranean cuisin with an international twist althoug recently renovated the dining room has an attract oldfashioned feel
restaurant_608.tsv	this small elegant restaurant outsid the centr is enthusiastically run by two brothers round tables and well kept dining room for savoring seafood specialities
restaurant_1635.tsv	delightful panoramic lift leads from the cas angelin hotel to this restaurant wher fin weather meals are served on the candlelit terrac with its breathtaking views of the coast chef
restaurant_146.tsv	this rustic convivial restaurant the villag centr boasts panoramic terrac overlooking the valley constant searc for recipes from italy’s peasant tradition combines with the passion
restaurant_620.tsv	young coupl has brought lif back to this old country inn retaining its rustic ambienc whil introducing menu whic focuses on creativity and innovation claud creates host of meat
restaurant_634.tsv	an elegant setting of dryston walls and mediterranean vegetation this stylish restaurant boasts personalised decor right down to the smallest detail the new chef prepares modern dishes
restaurant_152.tsv	after working toplevel restaurants both italy and abroad the young chef at this restaurant the borgobruf hotel offers host of interesting dishes featuring excellent umbrian
restaurant_1609.tsv	overlooking the port this restaurant serves topquality fish and seafood with interesting and personalised touches added by its young chef we recommend starting with the excellent selection of
restaurant_807.tsv	desp its bright elegant and airy feel the panoramic dining room at this restaurant takes second plac to the delightful romantic terrac whic boasts splendid views of the sea the port and
restaurant_1184.tsv	nestled amid the picturesqu hills of the monferr region this restaurant overseen by multimichelinstarred enric bartolin sees gabriel boff at the helm the kitchen chef who is young
restaurant_59.tsv	series of hairpin bends lead downhill to marin canton one of the most beautiful beaches on this stretc of coastlin situated romantic bay sheltered by the tre pizz promontory
restaurant_813.tsv	quiet restaurant right the historic centr just stone’s throw from the cathedral the young owner prepares creativ dishes from the fresh fish and seafood that he purchases on daily
restaurant_1190.tsv	up until few years ago the ownerchef at this restaurant was working as painter – fact that is evident from the artistic touc his cuisin his recipes are modern and personalised with
restaurant_1806.tsv	this restaurant boasts superb lakesid location offering views of the oppos shor comacin island and vill balbianell the experienc is enhanced by the modern cuisin whic dishes
restaurant_185.tsv	don’t be fooled by the relatively simpl ambienc of this trattor whic is situated the centr of town with an interesting history linked to the reclamation of the marshes and the dairy
restaurant_71.tsv	finedining restaurant whic changed tack 2020 reducing its number of tables to just ten and embracing sustainabl approac to its cuisin it now prioritises local suppliers and certified
restaurant_65.tsv	surrounded by woods trip to this restaurant housed an 18c farmhous is lik taking journey back tim tak seat one of the woodadorned stubestyl rooms and enjoy generous
restaurant_1812.tsv	this completely renovated restaurant is situated pedestrianised are near piazz gae aulent new elegant restaurant district milan her woodfired stov attract bar counter and
restaurant_191.tsv	this restaurant began lif as win bar befor transforming into an establishment wher you can enjoy genuin local cuisin the onion reigns suprem this eatery two cosy rooms with
restaurant_1755.tsv	nestled among the vineyards of rèv resort less than 4km from the delightful villag of monfort dalb you’ll find the fre restaurant run by chef francesc marches who offers perfect
restaurant_768.tsv	situated the historic centr just stone’s throw from the elegant via rom this restaurant is decorated with paintings by renowned modern artists such as pignatell andy warhol and valer
restaurant_1033.tsv	opened 1957 this oster the heart of the historic centr is one of the town’s leading restaurants for anyon wanting to sampl the cuisin of the aost valley delicious regional
restaurant_1027.tsv	this renowned restaurant lombardy has mad its mark on the history of italian cuisin and now has new young coupl at the helm and new classiccontemporary menu there’s also an interesting
restaurant_1741.tsv	having left the busy coastal road behind you you into the peaceful and luxurious enclav of the angiolier hotel and its classically elegant l’accant restaurant as soon as the weather
restaurant_1769.tsv	italian this translates into he who goes but you will never feel lik leaving this plac located amidst gran boulders sculpted by the wind juniper trees and the sea that will tantaliz
restaurant_754.tsv	the heart of the oltrep paves region minimalist entranc leads into this 19c vill wher the old win cellars hous modern dining room with beautiful brickvaulted ceiling this
restaurant_740.tsv	business sinc 1882 yet constantly evolving this restaurant boasts superb location overlooking the lak the menu features meat and fish dishes enhanced by wild herbs the extens win
restaurant_998.tsv	this restaurant the lively merc erbe district has an entranc adorned with hundreds of stickers giving it the appearanc of record shop rather than contemporarystyl eatery with
restaurant_1796.tsv	even if the weather isn’t kind and you can’t eat outdoors mak sur you hav an aperitif or perhaps just tak look at the terrac with its stunning views of the bay of naples especially at
restaurant_973.tsv	desp the nam of this restaurant its owners are actually called ren and serg housed small country vill with the ambienc of an elegant priv residenc the restaurant boasts
restaurant_967.tsv	charming restaurant housed skilfully restored old farm wher everything from the hay barn to the old stalls has been refurbished and enhanced so that traditional old features from the
restaurant_1782.tsv	the heart of sorrent delightful garden leads lik long corridor up to the entranc of the excelsior vittor one of the most iconic hotels on the sorrentin peninsul wher this gourmet
restaurant_1972.tsv	this restaurant once cultural club the miranes countrysid serves simpl yet delicious cuisin at reasonabl prices althoug the dishes hav the roots the region they are also
restaurant_797.tsv	this restaurant the heart of the old town is must for anyon keen to try the cuisin of the casentin region the friendly chef is mor than happy to provid information on his ingredients
restaurant_783.tsv	littl country restaurant with pleasantly distinct interiors and summer servic fresc on the terrac traditional tuscan cuisin on the menu with modern touc
restaurant_1966.tsv	this small chalet style vill overlooks the valley it has an attract elegant and quiet dining room decorated with feminin touc and panoramic outdoor terrac modern cuisin from the
restaurant_1231.tsv	glamour and fashion are the hallmarks of this restaurant phi beac one of the most attract nightclubcumloung bars on the cost smerald tak seat on the terrac right by the water and
restaurant_1557.tsv	situated the historic centr of castelfranc venet this restaurant has an intim elegant and contemporarycumminimalist feel desp its period courtyard setting and original wooden beams
restaurant_218.tsv	ichikaw is one of the culinary masters who played part introducing japanes cuisin to italy after decades the country working various restaurants this chef has finally opened his
restaurant_1543.tsv	situated magical location amid the wooded slops abov schi this restaurant is not easy to find – even once you get to the villag you’v still got way to go from her you tak
restaurant_1225.tsv	situated on the central via accadem albertin this small simpl and unfussy restaurant with small tables set clos together serves topquality piedmontes cuisin alongsid its delicious
restaurant_556.tsv	thought to dat back to byzantin times the torr pagliazz has had many uses over the centuries including housing women’s prison the 12c today it is hom to one of the most
restaurant_230.tsv	housed within the lefay resort spa dolom an elegant hotel that dominates pinzol and is one of the best hotels the trentin region this gourmet restaurant takes its nam from the
restaurant_224.tsv	michel the kitchen and pastry chef chiar who also works front of hous hav renovated this historic local address and transformed it into restaurant offering modern interpretation of
restaurant_1219.tsv	occupying 17c oliv oil press the heart of charming medieval villag this restaurant has retained its old ston mill and wooden press its vaulted dining room whic provides the
restaurant_542.tsv	chin on plat this attract restaurant with an intriguing decor combining eleganc modern style and asian influences serves wid selection of chines specialities dishes includ
restaurant_1594.tsv	with its own convenient car park and larg terrac boasting views of the lang this minimaliststyl restaurant built the 1920s serves excellent food as fans of offal dishes we wer
restaurant_1580.tsv	small gem for fish enthusiasts this delightful restaurant situated amid the alleyways of the historic centr just 2 minutes’ walk away boasts quiet ambienc with whit colour schem and
restaurant_595.tsv	an excellent establishment the town centr with dining room that is an old oil mill traditional pugl dishes tastefully personalised the servic is fast and attent
restaurant_581.tsv	even if you’r not local you’ll feel at hom this old property whic offers glimps of the piedmont of old this 19c building with typical balcony running along the inner courtyard
restaurant_580.tsv	situated between the lang and monvis this longestablished restaurant celebrated its 200th anniversary few years ago run by the vivald family for fiv generations the restaurant started
restaurant_594.tsv	housed converted 15c mill on the kränzelhof win estat this smart elegant restaurant provides the backdrop for excellent contemporarystyl cuisin prepared wherever possibl using
restaurant_1581.tsv	hom style cooking with focus on regional specialities is served this attract family run trattor whic has its own organic vegetabl garden and an educational pet therapy farm
restaurant_1595.tsv	capr is hom to one of the best chines restaurants the region and beyond althoug cantones specialities tak centr stag her the menu also features dishes from elsewh chin
restaurant_225.tsv	after many years’ experienc michelinstarred restaurants luig tramont and his wif nicolett hav opened the first restaurant the chef’s nativ gargn previously past factory
restaurant_543.tsv	choos one of the tables on the outdoor summer terrac right over the water at this restaurant order to best apprec its location overlooking the picturesqu canal port and its period
restaurant_1218.tsv	just lik the beautiful centr of sansepolcr whic it is situated this restaurant has much to boast about with history dating back over 200 years the beautifully decorated dining rooms on
restaurant_557.tsv	housed medieval hamlet this traditional restaurant serves typical specialities from piacenz as well as other dishes full of creativity and imagination are accompanied by wines from
restaurant_231.tsv	althoug the setting and convivial atmosph this restaurant recall that of typical venetian bàcar the cuisin is completely different feel the ingredients are sourced from the best
restaurant_1542.tsv	following the hotel’s rebranding this restaurant has also recently changed nam and chef and now offers bistrostyl dishes at lunchtim and mor elabor refined cuisin the evening choos
restaurant_219.tsv	its well worth the climb up to this restaurant wher you can be sur of friendly welcom and professional servic with advic on hand from courteous femal staff choos from selection of
restaurant_1224.tsv	occupying an old restored farmhous this larg spacious and attract restaurant is run by coupl who offer the guests mediterranean cuisin whic is full of flavour the focus her is on
restaurant_1230.tsv	described as an “osteria” inn by its famous multimichelinstarred chef gianc perbellin this restaurant provides relaxed setting whic to enjoy delicious and reasonably priced
restaurant_1556.tsv	standing open countrysid this country restaurant is decorated with elegant and romantic touches such as silverw and candles the menu features regional cuisin including an excellent
restaurant_782.tsv	the scenery that you driv throug to get to this restaurant on the slopes of mt etna is as breathtaking and impress as the charming luxury vill ner hotel whic it is housed the modern
restaurant_1967.tsv	this small restaurant just few metres from the pantheon has been run by the gargiol family sinc 1961 with the third generation now at the helm popul with locals and visitors alik for its
restaurant_1973.tsv	at the bottom of steep valley rustic restaurant that offers fin cuisin much appreciated the are with great preferenc for local products old traditional recipes are revisited with
restaurant_796.tsv	this restaurant the historic centr of marate has been run with passion and enthusiasm by the sam family sinc 1981 the emphasis is on careful selection of top quality ingredientsfor
restaurant_966.tsv	housed the tad trevis arts district building designerstyl concept stor vit vision inspired throug emotions serves modern reinterpretations of traditional cuisin with
restaurant_1783.tsv	aiming to promot craft beers as worthy pairing for gourmet cuisin the faenz family opened mog – modern elegant restaurant with woodinspired decor soft lighting and just fiv tables
restaurant_1797.tsv	perched on the cliff overlooking the small port of framur the terraces at this restaurant boast one of the most stunning views the are the dishes served up by the young chef are
restaurant_972.tsv	this pleasant restaurant started lif 1848 as bastion used by the habsburg army and was later transformed into an inn recognised as “local storic veneto” it’s now run by the third
restaurant_999.tsv	situated secluded street the town centr this restaurant run by coupl boasts an elegant dining room with an attract dark parquet floor the cuisin is good exampl of how to add
restaurant_741.tsv	situated on the second floor of the historic caf of the sam nam this elegant restaurant with chef serg prezios at the helm of the kitchen offers skilful reinterpretations of venetian and
restaurant_1768.tsv	situated country setting just outsid the town this is one of the most famous restaurants the provinc so booking well advanc is highly recommended her you’ll find cuisin with
restaurant_755.tsv	overlooking the main squar of this small villag the lower po valley this restaurant prides itself on its lov for local traditional specialities such as cured meats stuffed marubin past
restaurant_1026.tsv	this country restaurant serves regional cuisin with an innov twist din either the main dining room warmed by an open fireplac or outdoors under gazeb summer lunchtim options
restaurant_1740.tsv	housed historic winery this simpl rustic style restaurant is surrounded by well kept garden wher farmyard animals roam freely don’t be fooled by appearances however – the cuisin
restaurant_1754.tsv	there’s absolutely zer compromis on attention and quality this restaurant wher the cuisin is mad from topquality ingredients using the technical expertis typical of japanes cooking
restaurant_1032.tsv	the focus at this restaurant named after the son of one of the partners is on fish fish and mor fish luc serves the bestquality fish whic is dry aged and then cooked often over the
restaurant_769.tsv	this rustic but stylish establishment is wood and ston find tuscan cuisin that leans towards imagin dishes without betraying regional flavours and produc
restaurant_64.tsv	between the blu sky and the adriatic sea at the highest point of gabicc mont giocond is the gourmet rebirth of renowned dancing venu the town the design is warm conceived and
restaurant_190.tsv	distinct red door marks the entranc to this templ of italian cuisin once insid mak your way to the first floor wher you’r greeted by pink walls and fresc by francesc clement
restaurant_1813.tsv	her choos between the simply furnished bright dining room with proudly vintag feel that dates back to its opening the 1970s and tiny yet attract terrac with sea views ther are
restaurant_184.tsv	longestablished restaurant that was opened the early 1990s by thre brothers from the marc angel the kitchen and giusepp and massim front of hous sinc then this restaurant has
restaurant_1807.tsv	occupying 15c castl medieval villag this restaurant offers fin views of the majestic hills around the chef her uses top quality regional ingredients with focus on seasonal
restaurant_70.tsv	situated on the lakefront with beautiful views from its terrac this restaurant focuses on freshwater fish whil also serving selection of classic regional specialities careful attention is
restaurant_1191.tsv	francesc is the kitchen and his partner is front of hous this bright modern and elegant restaurant serving beautifully prepared dishes whic fish takes prid of plac contemporary
restaurant_812.tsv	the various stubestyl dining rooms the oberwirt hotel restaurant hav typical tyrolean ambienc whil the cuisin is decidedly traditional with its focus on seasonal and regional
restaurant_58.tsv	an idyllic picturepostcard setting panoramic location overlooking sant croc lak surrounded by villages and mountain peaks this is matched by an elegant interior with mix of antiqu
restaurant_1185.tsv	situated peaceful location amid fields and vineyards this attract country restaurant run by the sam family sinc 1965 boasts an outdoor spac wher thre walnut trees “tre noghere”
restaurant_806.tsv	nestled amid the greenery of priv park kitchen is an elegant restaurant whic serves creativ italian cuisin with focus on seasonal ingredients and perfect balanc between produc
restaurant_635.tsv	situated refined and elegant setting also hom to an intim priv dining are separated from the main room by few steps this new gourmet restaurant offers various tasting menus with
restaurant_1608.tsv	situated the elegant residential streets of the prat district this modern minimaliststyl restaurant is the setting for topquality creativ cuisin for the most part the menu eschews
restaurant_153.tsv	sea air earth fir the four elements together on the tasting menus at this restaurant wher som dishes are named after movies the benjamin button dish features fresh past “buttons”
restaurant_147.tsv	this restaurant has stood on this squar for many years having been built as “casone” and previously used as danc hall desp its larg siz the atmosph is pleasant and convivial
restaurant_621.tsv	this is the most romantic restaurant the borg egnaz resort wher the soft candlelight creates hushed magical atmosph that makes it perfect for special occasion dinner with loved
restaurant_609.tsv	the highlights of this restaurant just outsid the tourist centr of port torres are its informal atmosph spacious garden and traditional cuisin the frattaubread is well worth sampling
restaurant_1152.tsv	bros is synonym for young fre spirit whic is full of creativity and imagination wher flor pellegrin and isabell pot mak the most of the extraordinary energy on two tasting
restaurant_1634.tsv	addition to specialities such as oysters and cav this restaurant serves sophisticated classic traditional cuisin reinterpreted with modern twist choos between à cart options or
restaurant_1620.tsv	wild regional produc gam and freshwater fish tak prid of plac on the menu at this elegant restaurant whic celebrates natur its glory desp its towncentr location the dishes
restaurant_1146.tsv	the outdoor terrac at this restaurant overlooks pleasant pedestrian piazz the historic centr whil the welcoming dining rooms are decorated style typical of the trentin the cuisin
restaurant_392.tsv	surrounded by verdant landscapes this attract restaurant with pleasant outdoor dining spac is functional style due to the use of simpl materials such as wrought iron and wood and as
restaurant_386.tsv	oliver glowig german by birth but italian by adoption has returned to campan wher he’s now at the helm the gourmet restaurant at the savoy beac hotel her his cuisin is showcased on
restaurant_1393.tsv	tiny doorway leads to this simpl friendly and intim restaurant with just few tables wher booking advanc is highly recommended given the restaurant’s excellent reputation the city
restaurant_1387.tsv	its new hom piazz duom beautiful san min the hands of chef gilbert ross pepener continues to serv cuisin that showcases the best ingredients both meat and fish from
restaurant_351.tsv	occupying the win cellars of an old palazz the historic centr this restaurant has fashionabl feel with just few tables and selection of contemporary style dishes inspired by
restaurant_437.tsv	an oster nam only this restaurant has an elegant ambienc with two romantic tables overlooking the canal if you enjoy venetian cuisin you will be your element her as signor mar
restaurant_1378.tsv	treat yourself to great meal an idyllic setting this villag restaurant occupying the first floor of castl dating back to the 13c the romantic dining rooms are furnished with wood
restaurant_423.tsv	ask for directions to this restaurant when you mak your booking as you’ll need to leav your vehicl priv car park at the entranc to the villag and then mak your way uphill on foot
restaurant_345.tsv	situated the delightful saracc district monforte’s old historic centr this restaurant occupies an old restored hous with glass and steel decor that provides harmonious contrast with
restaurant_1436.tsv	with its old chandeliers chairs and tables this original and attract restaurant offers its guests feel of traditional sicily the cuisin focuses on typical sicilian specialities as well
restaurant_1350.tsv	we highly recommend this pleasant country restaurant run by friendly and enthusiastic staff wher the owner appears frequently the dining room the ambienc is modern and comfortabl the
restaurant_1344.tsv	hidden down an alleyway the town centr this friendly trattor boasts an attract ceiling with exposed brickwork an excellent address for fans of ligurian cuisin fish and seafood hous
restaurant_379.tsv	this simpl yet welcoming familyrun restaurant is situated on the win rout that wends its way throug the hills behind sondr less than 5km away the dining room boasts cheerful open
restaurant_1422.tsv	from the coast you tak winding road uphill to this familyrun trattor whic boasts sea views from its terrac apart from the salted cod the menu only features meat dishes with focus on
restaurant_409.tsv	enjoy delicious updated regional cuisin mad from carefully chosen ingredients at this restaurant wher the vegetables are sourced from the property’s own kitchen garden just few
restaurant_1352.tsv	at this restaurant situated just stone’s throw from piazz duom the historic centr of vogher young chef and his charming wif who supervises the front of hous are renowned for the
restaurant_1434.tsv	the dining rooms this lively typical restaurant the upper historic part of bordigher appe to be almost dug out of the rock her local chef with plenty of experienc behind him
restaurant_1420.tsv	for the past thirty years this fin restaurant with charming and beautifully kept dining room has been serving regional dishes from the murg prepared using topquality ingredients the
restaurant_1346.tsv	this pleasant warmly decorated restaurant is run with passion and enthusiasm by elen and alessandr the former supervising the front of hous the latter at the helm the kitchen the cuisin
restaurant_435.tsv	an attract restaurant serving reasonably priced fish and seafood try the delicious squid with an orang and chicory sauc there’s also charming summer terrac from whic to watc the town’
restaurant_1408.tsv	this restaurant has long been one of the most interesting the are it has pleasing combination of traditional and modern cuisin created by the expert chef the dining rooms hav the sam
restaurant_353.tsv	this extremely old restaurant its nam is said to hav existed as early as the mid 17c has been given new leas of lif 2019 by its young chef christoph huber who puts to good use the many
restaurant_347.tsv	vill fiordalis is one of the beautiful early 20c villas that lin the lak front surrounded by verdant grounds and extending out into the lak on pontoon the restaurant serves creativ
restaurant_421.tsv	consumed by passion for cooking young jacop chiepp began his career working with sweet and savoury leavened products and gaining experienc renowned restaurants such as the mirazur
restaurant_1391.tsv	situated small garden the historic centr this modern bistr has light airy feel thanks to its larg windows and its outdoor tables perfect for alfresc dining summer the young
restaurant_1385.tsv	situated breathtaking location below the chies soccors this restaurant boasts views of the sea and sunset that are hard to beat whil its fin elegant cuisin based on updated
restaurant_390.tsv	situated near the sea this small bright restaurant with an almost shabby feel has decor featuring plenty of wood along with blu and whit colour schem that makes it feel lik corner of
restaurant_384.tsv	must for anyon looking for traditional hom cooking and authentic cuisin from pugl mak sur you try the antipast and then mov on to first or main cours
restaurant_1636.tsv	you cross magical landscap of hills dotted with cypress and oliv trees woodland and vineyards to get to borg san felic the luxury hotel that is hom to pogg ross her
restaurant_99.tsv	with over 100 years of history behind it rosin is still looking good thanks to renovation work carried out few years ago whic has given the restaurant new look situated an
restaurant_1150.tsv	originally win shop it was then converted into restaurant that also opens for happy hour the interiors closely resembl thos of bistr and bottles of win especially italian ones and
restaurant_1144.tsv	situated the beautiful historic centr of offid this restaurant with brickvaulted ceiling is housed the former stables of an old palazz with modern inviting decor near the entranc
restaurant_179.tsv	friendly and longestablished familyrun restaurant on the road between calderin and sass marcon whic serves generous portions of traditional regional cuisin with contemporary flavour
restaurant_1622.tsv	part of the antinor estat this restaurant has an elegant feel desp describing itself as an “osteria” mor informal inn it occupies an old sit next to the old bad passign abbey
restaurant_151.tsv	situated the small squar front of the cablec entranc this typical barcumrestaurant with retr vaguely english feel serves generous traditional cuisin reinterpreted with modern
restaurant_637.tsv	the nam of this restaurant between the historic centr and the seafront refers to the main item on its menu whic is dedicated almost exclusively to fish fresh and not farmed fish and
restaurant_1178.tsv	champagn enthusiasts will be the element her thanks to win list presented on tablet that features almost 5 000 labels emanuel oversees the win selection with great enthusiasm
restaurant_623.tsv	the cuisin at this restaurant focuses on local recipes and ingredients yet also has light modern flavour and beautiful contemporary presentation as seen the pic past with roast peppers
restaurant_145.tsv	situated within the luxury grand hotel favor the centr of sorrent this restaurant has the typically opulent style of grand hotel the kitchen the chef works with topquality
restaurant_810.tsv	situated the city centr this refined restaurant with an elegantly classic decor is perfect for romantic intim dinner the menu features meat and fish with traditional dishes
restaurant_1193.tsv	during the day this restaurant can be reached just few minutes by cabl car providing you with breathtaking views of the dolomites whil the evening when the servic is mor attent –
restaurant_804.tsv	on the ground level of what has becom one of the icons of the turin cityscape–th intes san paol skyscraper designed by renz piano–th is the entranc to the restaurant her the lift will
restaurant_1187.tsv	family style trattor has now been converted into thes modern premises that whil jealously upholding the homely origin offer dishes of contemporary inspiration one small dining hall has
restaurant_1839.tsv	this restaurant standing on the shores of lak gard has been famous ever sinc it opened the mid1960s thanks to its femal owner’s passion for fish and seafood from the mediterranean today
restaurant_1811.tsv	situated within the elegant laqu by the lak boutiqu hotel part of the cannavacciuol “galaxy” this restaurant boasts fin lak views to accompany the imagin mediterranean cuisin served
restaurant_192.tsv	this simpl yet lively and dynamic restaurant occupying the beautiful historic rooms of an old shop is always busy with locals and tourists so booking ahead is highly recommended dishes are
restaurant_66.tsv	veritabl bistr modern style and central position short distanc from the famous via xx settembr wher the chef patron turns his hand to fragrant cuisin from the market
restaurant_72.tsv	as its nam suggests this restaurant is decorated with profusion of wood partly becaus of its mountain location but also becaus the excellent femal chef is originally from lapland
restaurant_838.tsv	post milan is farmhous the city an ideal plac to spend few hours outdoors but also an agricultural market kitchen serving food carpentry workshop and venu offering host
restaurant_1805.tsv	this trattor is situated at the end of the marin pisciott location whic ensures quiet tranquil ambienc the excellent reasonably priced seafood cuisin is another reason that we
restaurant_186.tsv	just stone’s throw from the enchanting villag of orta san guil with its picturepostcard views of the lak and san giul island this threemichelinstarred restaurant boasts stunning
restaurant_1742.tsv	at this restaurant within the elegant cias salares hotel guests din win cell with pleasantly informal and friendly atmosph addition to the excellent cuisin the fin chees
restaurant_1024.tsv	the undoubted star of this restaurant is the enbogon tagliatell – past mad entirely by hand and seasoned with sauc mad from borlott beans local extra virgin oliv oil and rosemary –
restaurant_1030.tsv	familyrun restaurant the provinc of bologn with an excellent reputation for good food whether you choos one of the fishbased recipes or meat dishes you’ll enjoy cuisin with balanc
restaurant_1756.tsv	situated oppos the archaeological sit this restaurant occupies an old farmhous whic is part of splendid 19c residenc converted into an elegant hotel following long and meticulous
restaurant_743.tsv	this elegant restaurant with smart classic feel is situated the expo fier are not far from the city centr ever sinc it opened 1982 this restaurant has been reliabl choic for
restaurant_1018.tsv	delightful small restaurant situated building on the lungarn clos to the beautiful ascent on foot up to piazzal michelangel vaulted ceilings and brick walls help to giv the dining
restaurant_757.tsv	boasting dining room overlooking the beac galile is typical adriatic restaurant serving fish and seafood dishes that are popul with many italians options includ seafood salad
restaurant_1959.tsv	meat and freshwater fish featur on the menu at this restaurant wher the chef creates traditional dishes with an imagin twist such as his legendary risott mad from seasonal ingredients
restaurant_1781.tsv	situated on the edge of the pedestrianised are near the bastion saint remy this restaurant is named after its charismatic owner marin who helps guests with the choic of menu and is
restaurant_964.tsv	way back 1966 ginett and arcangel probably never dreamed for moment that the modest tavern would becom so famous nowadays the tinar family comprises motherandson angel and
restaurant_970.tsv	restaurant serving mediterranean cuisin wher the emphasis is mor on meat winter and fish summer welcoming ambienc with number of different dining spaces including small room
restaurant_1795.tsv	this restaurant is part of one of the best food outlets rom whic offers delicacies such as typical roman pastas cooked and raw fish meat an impress selection of cured hams and cheeses
restaurant_1965.tsv	local ingredients such as sauris trout malg chees eggs and herbs featur on the menu at this charming restaurant with spectacul views of the surrounding peaks modern dining room wher
restaurant_958.tsv	friendly and welcoming littl restaurant the heart of the town’s historic centr it’s no surpris that the specialities her focus mainly on fish and seafood with an emphasis on
restaurant_780.tsv	from mer you climb to an altitud of 1 000m to this restaurant whic boasts breathtaking views of the town and surrounding mountains the menu her focuses mainly on local ingredients whic
restaurant_794.tsv	this elegant hous built brick and ston boasts extens treeshaded grounds win cell next door plus personalised welcoming dining rooms her the menu focuses on meat dishes many of
restaurant_1971.tsv	elegant and refined this topquality restaurant is the perfect choic for special occasions vietr ceramics an openview kitchen fish on display and successful mix of traditional and modern
restaurant_1226.tsv	new tak on traditional cuisin this uniqu restaurant the delightful san niccol district diners sit sid by sid around central tabl as sush bar enjoying selection of
restaurant_1540.tsv	modern furnishings the dining room with panoramic windows looking out over the valley typical local menu traditional dishes at reasonabl prices
restaurant_1554.tsv	situated within the h’all tailor suit smart “tailormade” hotel whic offers its guests bespok services this restaurant boasts pleasantly sophisticated new yorkstyl dining room plus
restaurant_1232.tsv	situated the relais bellar hotel on the outskirts of the city this contemporarystyl restaurant serves equally modern cuisin whic ranges from vegetarian dishes to meat and fish options
restaurant_569.tsv	with sharp lines created by the use of iron and glass this modern building is especially designed to allow guests to admir the views from wherever they’r sitting to the rear of the dining room
restaurant_541.tsv	this attract restaurant with simpl minimalist decor stands almost oppos the thousandyearold churc of san fred the inviting menu her focuses on regional dishes with successful
restaurant_227.tsv	anchovies king prawns cuttlefish and freshly caught fish are just som of the options availabl this restaurant specialising fish and seafood wher guests will be delighted by the fresh
restaurant_233.tsv	once you leav mer you follow road throug the woods for about 5km to reac castel fragsburg small fairytalelik residenc with an elegant feel and guestrooms decorated the
restaurant_1568.tsv	situated near the typical merc erbe ahim serves imagin regional cuisin with careful focus on seasonal sustainably produced ingredients organic wines plus servic whic is
restaurant_555.tsv	mauriz buf is at the helm of this restaurant wher he creates seasonal regional cuisin that is full of flavour the extens options includ four tasting menus frammentith chef’s most
restaurant_1583.tsv	now availabl everywh italy ethnic cuisin is gradually becoming mor specialised as is the cas this restaurant serving specialities from the provinc of szechuan southwest chin
restaurant_1597.tsv	almost appearing to ris up directly out of the sand this unexpectedly elegant restaurant is hom to simpl yet stylish dining room with larg windows overlooking the sea fresh fish of the
restaurant_582.tsv	situated the heart of this town nestled amid the umbrian countrysid une serves two tasting menus with varying numbers of courses whic follow the seasons acquedott and relazion both
restaurant_596.tsv	the villag centr and therefor not right by the sea this successful well established restaurant is decorated elegant contemporary style the menu focuses on fish dishes reinterpreted
restaurant_597.tsv	this fascinating restaurant occupying an old hous renovated modern style comes as surpris given its location small villag deep the countrysid enjoy traditional cuisin
restaurant_583.tsv	historic nam among puglia’s michelinstarred restaurants this refined property has an equally historic setting on the first floor of baroqu palazz an elegant piazz fin staircas
restaurant_1596.tsv	following recent renovation work this beautiful castl has an even mor romantic atmosph than ever the restaurant is typical of the alto adig boasting traditional stubestyl rooms that are
restaurant_1582.tsv	this attract restaurant with delightful views seems to be perched on the cliff whereas fact it’s situated just stone’s throw from the town’s main piazz and murat castl althoug
restaurant_1569.tsv	originally from kosov talented chef emin hazir grew up italy and has plenty of professional culinary experienc behind him her he creates contemporary cuisin with personal flavour
restaurant_232.tsv	arranged on series of multilevelled terraces the tables at this restaurant boast breathtaking views of the semicircul port as well as much of the island extending out to sea as far as gav
restaurant_554.tsv	mak sur you ask for one of the tables next to the glass wall this restaurant whic boasts romantic views of bergamo’s citt alta the innov invent cuisin is tempting and full of
restaurant_540.tsv	based around carefully chosen ingredients sourced from the best local producers the cuisin served at this restaurant is light and yet tasty you’ll find typical parm dishes on the menu her
restaurant_226.tsv	this elegant 16c hunting lodg offers modern menu of fish dishes and regional specialities particul attention is paid to the excellent calvis cav with dedicated menu there’s an
restaurant_1555.tsv	comprising win boutiqu and win bar its rusticstyl room on the ground floor enotec meucc is also hom to restaurant the mor elegant classicstyl rooms on the first floor the
restaurant_568.tsv	ronc rò is an estatecumagritur surrounded by the verdant rolling hills and lush woodland of the coll fascinating and enchanting border region famous for its superb wines chef fares
restaurant_1233.tsv	the original flavour and magic of trattor can still be found this establishment the cuisin is traditional with personal touc
restaurant_1227.tsv	breathtakingly beautiful natural setting between the sassolung peak and the majestic sell mountains this restaurant serves simpl mountain far alongsid few mor modern dishes of
restaurant_1541.tsv	housed within the monaster sant ros one of the most original and iconic hotels on the amalf coast the monastery was founded the 17c and som of its original features can still be seen
restaurant_795.tsv	situated the centr of sorrent this restaurant boasts historic dining room housed the 16c cellars of an old monastery as well as mor contemporarystyl room with an openview win
restaurant_1970.tsv	this is one of thos bright pretty and modern restaurants that are very much fashion nowadays the cuisin is strongly linked to the region with fish dishes to the for presented an
restaurant_1964.tsv	situated central location with small outdoor spac this restaurant boasts striking interior with old walls verdant decor and climbing plants that add south american feel the
restaurant_781.tsv	the most welcoming section of the extens cantin toblin complex is hom to the larg contemporary and minimaliststyl hoster her young chef serves simpl reinterpretations of regional
restaurant_959.tsv	now culinary landmark the provinc this restaurant is run by two enthusiastic sisters who serv cuisin with its roots local traditions and prepared using seasonal ingredients renovation
restaurant_971.tsv	right at the end of posit beac and abov the groundfloor night club this restaurant on the first floor of an old fishermen’s warehous offers breathtaking views of the villag and the sea
restaurant_1794.tsv	housed within the royal paestum hotel this elegant contemporary restaurant boasts an attractively simpl and minimalist ambienc whic ownerchef cristian torsiello’s cuisin takes centr
restaurant_1780.tsv	althoug the beautiful arborin relais boasts modern stylish and elegant dining rooms the main attraction her is the restaurant’s exciting cuisin whic different culinary styles and
restaurant_1958.tsv	ownerchef domen cilent offers choic of two tasting menus one dedicated to classic dishes that tell the story of the restaurant and the other “blind” menu that changes daily depending on
restaurant_965.tsv	the past retains its fascinating appeal this traditional restaurant situated small mountain villag wher modern trends are ignored favour of authentic dishes from the south tyrol
restaurant_756.tsv	modern restaurant the provinc of padov whic over the past ten years has grown and evolved from gastr pub to the topquality eatery that it is today the cuisin is fairly eclectic
restaurant_1019.tsv	this restaurant san pier bagno’s historic centr takes its nam from its young chef gianluc gorin who prepares original and creativ cuisin inspired by the traditions of this
restaurant_742.tsv	immortalised by the italian writer montal his poetry this trattor has been run by the sam family for almost two centuries the menu features traditional tuscan dishes such as pic past
restaurant_1031.tsv	the heart of saint vincent this restaurant has hint of an old granary grenier frenc with tumbling grain fireplac and period tools on the walls but the surpris doesn’t end ther
restaurant_1757.tsv	this restaurant is as comfortabl as the rest of the hotel whil its outdoor dining are allows guests to enjoy the peac and tranquillity of the beautiful garden chef guid creates dishes with
restaurant_1743.tsv	situated period palazz near one of modena’s oldest churches the façad of sant mar pompos dates from the medieval period and the churc was rebuilt 1717 this bright modern
restaurant_1025.tsv	there’s no tasting menu at this restaurant but instead tempting à cart featuring modern mediterranean cuisin based on topquality seasonal ingredients with fish and seafood taking centr
restaurant_839.tsv	situated the gardens next to the sacr mont funicul this beautiful and bucolic residenc overlooks the villag this relaxing setting giorg serves traditional local cuisin the
restaurant_73.tsv	on the top floor of the fondazion luig rov housed magnificent historic building that is hom to the foundation’s art museum talented chef andre apre has achieved his lifelong dream
restaurant_187.tsv	the environment her is elegantly rustic thanks to fin furnishings and colourful dècor – an attract background to the variety of creativ and imagin specialties on offer rooms are neat
restaurant_1804.tsv	having gained experienc various restaurants throughout europ tesp has now returned hom to open this delightful small oster the historic centr just stone’s throw from the sea his
restaurant_193.tsv	desp its outoftown location this contemporary simply decorated restaurant is extremely popul fans of traditional cuisin will be the element her thanks to the perfectly prepared
restaurant_1810.tsv	once mountain refug the red hous that overlooks this plateau is now hom to one of the most interesting and avantgard gourmet restaurants italy founder alessandr degan who offers
restaurant_67.tsv	situated amid luxury boutiques and historic palazz one of naples’ most exclus districts this restaurant boasts chic and romantic dining room with soft lighting on the first floor as
restaurant_1186.tsv	this gourmet restaurant housed restored period residenc that once belonged to the counts of adam is surrounded by the green maquis and hills of the marc with the sea visibl the
restaurant_805.tsv	welcoming and original bistrorestaurant the historic centr wher the ston walls are typical of the region’s architectur and an attract outdoor are offers few tables just front
restaurant_1838.tsv	both father and son are the kitchen at this simpl yet elegant small restaurant serving up imagin dishes that focus not only on local recipes and ingredients but also on gastronomic
restaurant_1192.tsv	an attract restaurant whic offers friendly and informal welcom and servic alongsid an elegant personalised yet classic decor the cuisin is mainly mediterranean flavour emphasised
restaurant_811.tsv	clos to the town centr and within walking distanc of the duom this restaurant is housed beautiful historic palazz the cuisin is delicious with menu featuring fish dishes depending
restaurant_622.tsv	fish and seafood tak centr stag at this restaurant facing the beac and its moored boats with menu that showcases classic specialities from the adriatic including fried options and daily
restaurant_1179.tsv	coxin “cooking” the sardinian dialect is recently opened restaurant run by talented chef david atzen who has plenty of experienc behind him her he focuses on creating authentic
restaurant_144.tsv	rustic and romantic setting provides the backdrop for the traditional and creativ cuisin served her it is mad from typical local produc with an emphasis on ethical and sustainably produced
restaurant_150.tsv	overlooking picturesqu renaissanc squar the caf her dates back to the early 19c and the trattor shortly after today the decor is nostalgic mix of styles from the mid19c to the mid
restaurant_636.tsv	simpl modern restaurant wher the attention is focused on the extraordinary skills of the chef the nam is nod to the typical venetian bars known as bacar and keeping with them
restaurant_1145.tsv	opened 1945 by the parents of the current owner charming setting surrounded by hills this trattor specialises dishes from piacenz served generous portions whic are full of
restaurant_1623.tsv	housed an elegant period building the historic centr this restaurant is run by friendly coupl with the wif at the helm the kitchen and the husband keeping skilful eye on the
restaurant_178.tsv	longestablished restaurant the asti region renowned for its regional cuisin impeccabl servic and warm welcom the classicstyl dining room the open fir is always lit creating
restaurant_1637.tsv	the journey to get her – winding road throug woods and hills – may be challenging at times but the warm welcom offered by the whol family lag at this delightful restaurant makes you
restaurant_1151.tsv	this restaurant’s warm elegant and rustic atmosph with wooden furnitur and exposed beams provides the setting for its seasonally inspired regional cuisin the experienced owners are
restaurant_98.tsv	delightful family trattor offering simpl reasonably priced dishes at lunchtim and copious tasting menu the evening the latter features dishes from the lower po valley such as hams
restaurant_385.tsv	situated the historic centr of taormin this restaurant started out as wineb whic explains its nam as well as the extens win list featuring over 1 000 different labels today the
restaurant_391.tsv	this simpl modern familyrun trattor with welcoming ambienc is the kind of restaurant that everyon would lov to hav as the local the ownerchef who has plenty of experienc working
restaurant_1384.tsv	focus on the sea underpins the whol philosophy of this restaurant whic is perhaps not surprising at coastal location such as fiumicin her chef pascucc celebrates the sea to the full on
restaurant_1390.tsv	an expertly run family restaurant not far from the historic centr warm atmosph the two dining rooms especially the one with the fireplac wher the daily specials are marked on
restaurant_346.tsv	the ricchebu family has long been renowned for the excellent cuisin and warm welcom and now that the couple’s two enthusiastic children hav joined the parents at the restaurant this is
restaurant_420.tsv	the caf quinson has reopened this rustic yet elegant “mountain restaurant” the whol family makes guests feel welcom serving selection of regional dishes with an imagin and
restaurant_434.tsv	this restaurant occupies an old far that has retained som of the architectural features typical of its rural past it serves delicious tuscan cuisin prepared by signor luc if you are on
restaurant_352.tsv	situated the heart of levant just stone’s throw from the sea this trattor serving traditional fish and seafood as well as few meat options has been run by the sam owners for almost
restaurant_1409.tsv	if you’r not already the are it takes tim to get to this familyrun restaurant situated amid the rolling hills of rural abruzz but the journey throug som of the most beautiful scenery
restaurant_1421.tsv	imagin cuisin long established family restaurant whic is constantly updated by each generation situated away from the town centr yet easily accessibl the restaurant boasts an
restaurant_1347.tsv	not far from the shipyards simpl but pleasant atmosph familyrun restaurant with good seafood options among the many specialties we recommend the cold soup with raw and cooked fish
restaurant_1353.tsv	delicious modern cuisin based exclusively on local ingredients including aromatic herbs from the property’s own small kitchen garden one of the hous specialities is the homemad stuffed past
restaurant_408.tsv	this restaurant housed within colourful skilfully restored historic building with exposed stonework has young friendly coupl at the helm the menu features delicious refined and traditional
restaurant_1435.tsv	an informal atmosph small trattor wher you can really feel at eas perhaps company eating tasty seafood dishes based on the daily fish catc
restaurant_377.tsv	thanks to its location insid boll prison ingaler offers uniqu dining experienc her guests eat room within the prison itself whil dishes – of equal quality to other restaurants
restaurant_411.tsv	this roofgarden restaurant one of naples’ most luxurious hotels grand hotel parker’s boasts an openview kitchen facing breathtaking panoram that takes vesuvius the bay of naples and
restaurant_405.tsv	enjoy specialities from valsassin this friendly restaurant panoramic location ther is rustic ambienc the dining room with cuisin focusing on local ingredients many of whic are
restaurant_1438.tsv	housed futuristic building port restaurant is mult purpos establishment whic offers bar for aperitifs and highly modern cig room as well as well stocked win cell
restaurant_363.tsv	situated small villag looking out towards the sinis peninsul this restaurant occupies an old mill and is named after the arom of aged vernacc win “su murrua” sardinian the
restaurant_1410.tsv	ask for tabl the main dining room with classic atmosph and elegant furnishings to tast the dishes of cuisin whic is seasonal and mainly tuscan
restaurant_1376.tsv	michel rizz is the ownerchef of this interesting restaurant situated modern part of rend his menu focuses mainly on fish althoug few meat dishes are also availabl whic he prepares
restaurant_439.tsv	as the florentin lily on the glass at the entranc implies the specialities of this plac are tuscan origin as well as seafood friendly atmosph ample win list
restaurant_1362.tsv	situated the northern wineproducing are of trent this trattor is real highlight thanks to its delicious beautifully presented cuisin whic is always full of flavour the menu
restaurant_1404.tsv	this mediterranean style restaurant surrounded by small outdoor terrac stands slightly abov the beac club of the sam nam its elevated position gives it stunning views whic guests can
restaurant_1389.tsv	from the typical flooring to the decoration on the walls the warm and appealing decor this restaurant highlights its historic feel providing setting to whic guests happily return tim
restaurant_388.tsv	authentic family hospitality for this renowned restaurant whic makes nich products mainly seafood its flagship even if som land specialties are always present on the menu almost of
restaurant_1148.tsv	situated the historic centr not far from the sea this typical family run restaurant specialises fish and seafood ther is an antipast buffet and good choic of fish as well as an
restaurant_81.tsv	the romantic setting of an 18c farmhous this restaurant has rustic dining room enhanced by its elegant decor and furnishings such as the solid mapl tables and refined cutlery the cuisin
restaurant_613.tsv	typical mountain style ambienc enjoy carefully prepared cuisin mad by skilful chef using the best ingredients the menu includes good choic of regional specialities as well as
restaurant_175.tsv	very few restaurants ligur can comp with the long gastronomic tradition of this restaurant whic was named after its original owner back 1885 it was manuelin herself who mad the
restaurant_161.tsv	an iconic pizzer whic has brought italy’s favour streetfood snack right up to dat with almost 30 years’ experienc behind him simon padoan knows how to mak difficult things easy he
restaurant_95.tsv	if you are looking for plac to eat that is centrally located and has good prices you hav found it captivating trattor atmosph pretty summer garden
restaurant_607.tsv	this restaurant is situated right the historic centr of san gimign yet slightly away from its main streets cultur and strong connection to the region are perfect companions to the fin
restaurant_1174.tsv	‘codole’ is the nicknam of the family that runs this restaurant and whos ancestors once worked the copper mines the are today the family has exchanged mining for cooking offering
restaurant_149.tsv	the parquet floor woodbeamed ceiling and exposed brickwork lend warm ambienc to this restaurant whic is bright and airy during the day and romantic the evening thanks to its soft
restaurant_1612.tsv	the nam of this restaurant refers to its owner henr prosper who returned to his beloved viaregg 2021 this accomplished maîtr d from another will introduc you with both charm and
restaurant_1606.tsv	techniqu creativity and focus on and respect for the past are just som of the criter that guid chef matte vergin his modern dishes aim to reflect the ancestral flavours of brianz and
restaurant_1160.tsv	situated the heart of historic rom not far from piazz navon this small simpl restaurant with just few tables serves excellent cuisin booking ahead is recommended apart from few
restaurant_42.tsv	the dining room at this restaurant housed the palazz baronale’s old outbuildings the historic centr of apricen boasts an attract brickvaulted ceiling the cuisin whic focuses
restaurant_808.tsv	situated amid beautiful countrysid with views of the tranquil hills and rustic farmhouses that surround it this restaurant is hom to young and talented chef stefan pasqu who creates
restaurant_1835.tsv	sinc the turn of the century this longestablished restaurant near piazz navon and camp de fior has been run by fiv local business partners one of whom is the chef topquality classic
restaurant_1821.tsv	this restaurant has undergon skilful refurbishment with focus on colour light and furnishings whic combin harmoniously with the valley below as well as with the dishes whic
restaurant_56.tsv	just few tables and spectacul views of lak corbar characteris this restaurant whic has been run by the sam family sinc 1964 the delicious cuisin is regional flavour showcasing
restaurant_834.tsv	situated charming rural setting at the foot of the surrounding hills this trattor has been run by the sam family now on the third generation sinc 1939 regional cuisin is to the for
restaurant_1809.tsv	eal is new luxury designerstyl hotel jutting into the lak wher top chef alfi ghezz from trent is at the helm the restaurant the gourmet formul on offer her already successfully
restaurant_820.tsv	famous for its saffron citt piev is also well worth visit to admir the baciadonn alley “on of the narrowest streets italy” its beautiful historic centr this welcoming
restaurant_767.tsv	eat out along the charming canal port at this restaurant or indoors the simpl yet attract dining room with the typical ambienc of seasid trattor dishes are listed on paper placemats
restaurant_1982.tsv	for visitors not staying at the legendary hotel ciprian hom to oro restaurant the excitement of this dining experienc starts with your journey from st mark’s squar from her the hotel’s
restaurant_773.tsv	you’ll feel immediately at hom this gourmet restaurant sappad wher paol kratter and his family offer warm welcom to guests the romantic setting of an elegant mountain hut on the
restaurant_1028.tsv	the whol family mother and four children is involved the running of this restaurant both front of hous and the kitchen if you’r looking for topquality cuisin whic focuses on local
restaurant_983.tsv	situated near the mol building this restaurant has modern minimaliststyl dining room with soft lighting wher food takes centr stag marcell trentin is one of the most skilled and
restaurant_1000.tsv	althoug situated away from the tourist centr enzo coccia’s pizzer continues to be considered one of the best places for pizz campan featuring classic neapolitan pizzas with soft
restaurant_1766.tsv	its never easy to find the right balanc between quality and quantity especially town that is very much on the tourist trail however vincenz has succeeded doing just this for years
restaurant_1772.tsv	the sound of the creaking old wooden floor welcomes you to this old 17c mill wher ownerchef gilmozz acts as your culinary alpin guid with his singl tasting menu guests also hav the option
restaurant_997.tsv	family restaurant run with prid and enthusiasm cantinon delights guests with its array of local gastronomic delicacies sourced from the surrounding mountains and nearby lak including
restaurant_1014.tsv	this simpl restaurant boasting an attract outdoor summer garden and splendid views of the duom chef anna rit focuses on carefully selected ingredients from the region and beyond
restaurant_1941.tsv	situated on the seventh floor with panoramic views of the city this restaurant is an excellent choic for light lunc cocktail or an informal dinner two young brothers from naples are at
restaurant_1799.tsv	housed 16c monastery amid gardens and vineyards the foothills surrounding castel sangr this restaurant boasts simpl minimalist style whic is echoed its cuisin created by one
restaurant_1955.tsv	sap is smart restaurant run by young coupl robert cozzett provides courteous elegant welcom front of hous whil alessandr ingiull is the kitchen preparing modern dishes that
restaurant_968.tsv	one of the most desirabl and exclus locations taormin the st georg is situated the hashbe hotel an early20c vill on the edge of taormina’s historic centr whic has retained
restaurant_940.tsv	what used to be an old watermill is now welcoming restaurant with rustic feel and beautiful garden for summer dining homemad bread and past typical specialities from pugl savoury
restaurant_798.tsv	norbert niederkofler’s arrival milan is accompanied by his strong commitment to the environment the cuisin her is the capabl hands of albert toè who offers two tasting menus with
restaurant_1969.tsv	boasting splendid location with an outdoor dining spac on kind of raftcumplatform this restaurant boasts one of the most delightful views venic with the giudecc on the oppos sid
restaurant_954.tsv	welcoming restaurant with rustic style dining room young lively atmosph and beautifully prepared dishes with an emphasis on fish – it is difficult not to be impressed
restaurant_203.tsv	new generation is now at the helm this warm and elegant restaurant decorated with profusion of wood adding mor modern touc to the cuisin whil maintaining its regional character and
restaurant_1558.tsv	with over 30 years’ experienc behind them the baumgartner brothers’ restaurant is an excellent choic for classic specialities from the alto adig offering menu that focuses on regional
restaurant_565.tsv	new adventur for skilful chef agostin iacobucc his original restaurant of the sam nam is castel maggior housed within vill that foodenthusiasts will remember as the former hom
restaurant_571.tsv	at the kitchen this restaurant fatherandson team claud and luc the latter with experienc numerous renowned restaurants reinterpret local traditions the enticing generous and
restaurant_217.tsv	this trattor run by the circell family – without doubt one of the best italy – has been delighting guests sinc 1987 the menu features dishes and ingredients that are generous full of
restaurant_1564.tsv	this restaurant situated an alleyway the historic centr just few metres from lucera’s cathedral was once hom to the stables of an old palazz nowadays the dining room whic is crowned
restaurant_1202.tsv	situated right the heart of the historic centr among the narrow alleyways near the market and piazz maggior this restaurant serves traditional cuisin no fish with subtl contemporary
restaurant_559.tsv	this restaurant has brought breath of fresh air to the are around the port thanks to its enchanting and distinct decor with its mirrors goldcoloured features glass and openview kitchen
restaurant_1216.tsv	long recommended by the michelin guid the historic rem moved few years ago from its old premises to this beautiful vill typical of the venet region once the hom of an italian her one of
restaurant_1570.tsv	at this restaurant local ingredients mainly from the market tak prid of plac on the daily menu whic changes accordanc with whatever produc is availabl at the tim the rusticstyl
restaurant_1217.tsv	housed the pold baths near the marin this recently opened small restaurant on the beac serves cuisin with contemporary yet classic flavour the restaurant boasts excellent bread
restaurant_1571.tsv	park the car and walk up short track about 50m to this rustic ston farmhous with panoramic views of the surrounding valley traditional oasis serving delicious local cuisin with light
restaurant_1565.tsv	this restaurant boasts new even mor beautiful look following its compl restoration early 2019 however one thing that has not changed is the excellent fish cuisin whic has given the
restaurant_558.tsv	famous country trattor interiors modern style with view over the beric hills from the larg windows traditional innov dishes servic outsid the summer
restaurant_1203.tsv	this new contemporarystyl restaurant is situated the historic centr of perug just stone’s throw from the town’s etruscan walls 3c bc her the experienced femal chef serves meat and
restaurant_570.tsv	traditional piedmontes restaurant wher owner giusepp palermin welcomes guests to his elegant dining room with his consumm style the specialities her hav regional focus with the
restaurant_216.tsv	situated picturesqu medieval hilltop villag the provinc of riet on the border with umbri this restaurant serves cuisin that is influenced by different regions and traditions
restaurant_1559.tsv	warm welcom combined with simpl but lively atmosph and typical dishes from the abruzz region mak this popul plac to eat generous portions and excellent roast dishes
restaurant_202.tsv	farm with rooms spa bistr and gourmet restaurant at the latter enjoy regional cuisin with creativ twist added by the chef on two tasting menus that can be modified as required
restaurant_564.tsv	mak sur you use your satnav to get to this restaurant as finding the right road throug the countrysid can be challeng althoug once you’r her you’ll be glad you mad the effort the
restaurant_1968.tsv	housed an old 18c farmhous on the outskirts of the town on the edge of the countrysid coldan is run by two young business partners recently joined by the young chef alessandr proiett
restaurant_955.tsv	althoug this restaurant is not the centr if you’r looking for excellent fish mostly from the mediterranean personally selected by the owner chef then it’s well worth the few minutes it
restaurant_799.tsv	situated amid the alleyways of the historic centr petes has pleasant contemporary feel and is run by young welcoming and friendly owners marko’s menu demonstrates an obvious preferenc
restaurant_941.tsv	east meets west this attract restaurant situated the centr of teram trib is paid to japan the intim dining room wher photos of the country adorn the walls and japanes
restaurant_1954.tsv	an oak door with thre steps leads into the dining room whic extends towards the kitchen this restaurant designed by renowned milanes stud whos predilection for wood is typified by the
restaurant_969.tsv	situated among the narrow streets of the historic centr just stone’s throw from both the cathedral and the sea this restaurant boasts dining room with an old vaulted ceiling and an
restaurant_1798.tsv	situated on the plain at the foot of the hills visibl the distanc this restaurant resembles typical country hous with an elegant dining room extending into kind of covered verand the
restaurant_1940.tsv	an intim restaurant on the seafront with tiny dining room and small verand and young contemporary ambienc the mediterraneanstyl cuisin is modern and creativ with focus on
restaurant_1773.tsv	situated building with striking appearanc the uruguay pavilion expo 2015 this restaurant boasts stunning views of the mountains the distanc insid the larg dining room acts as
restaurant_1015.tsv	this local restaurant is decorated vintag style with books furnishings and decor evoking the early 20c the cuisin is regional flavour and includes som surprising technical touches –
restaurant_996.tsv	althoug you hardly notic the door to this restaurant from outsid once insid you are immediately struck by the modern eleganc of the decor with its vaguely scandinavian feel this min gem
restaurant_1001.tsv	the chang of chef at this restaurant is echoed by the excellent level of cuisin on offer her young onofr pagnott who was already souschef at the resort’s tenerum restaurant and who is
restaurant_982.tsv	this modern welcoming restaurant on the outskirts of town serves contemporary cuisin on varied menu whic also includes simpler options to suit budgets especially at lunchtim the
restaurant_1767.tsv	situated just stone’s throw from the roman theatr and pont pietr oster fontanin is one of verona’s oldest restaurants with history that dates back over 200 years the restaurant has
restaurant_1029.tsv	standing the centr of charming tuscan villag cain is the gravitational centr of the cuisin of the maremm wher valer piccin is its proudest ambassador this skilful chef sources
restaurant_772.tsv	first opened over 60 years ago this restaurant has been built up into successful business over the years by the donn family who serv top quality produc from this fertil region
restaurant_766.tsv	young chef graz accoll has returned to his nativ city wher he serves creativ cuisin of the highest quality whil at the sam tim raising augusta’s gastronomic profil thanks to his
restaurant_1983.tsv	situated the heart of small medieval castlehamlet this traditionalstyl restaurant with an attract terrac on the historic squar provides the setting for local specialities such as
restaurant_821.tsv	typical entranc leads into the courtyard of what was monastery the lat 16c at this restaurant wher the dining room has classic atmosph however it is the cuisin that steals the
restaurant_835.tsv	the posson continu with the family tradition this contemporarystyl restaurant situated oppos the longestablished marin her the emphasis is on the quality of the ingredients
restaurant_1808.tsv	situated at the foot of the fortress the historic centr of castrocar this restaurant has an interesting young chef at the helm andre giacchin the cuisin often but not always has
restaurant_1820.tsv	an 18th century building rustic yet elegant atmosph with particul attentiveness at the tables and the cuisin whic has traditional bas but also knows how to add imagin
restaurant_57.tsv	an elegant restaurant with warm atmosph embellished by central fireplac chef marc morett creates modern dishes whic are elegant and balanced with focus on seasonal produc from the
restaurant_809.tsv	vie borg is situated restored rustic building situated the historic centr of the picturesqu villag of tocen the val vigezz her young coupl with real passion for
restaurant_43.tsv	situated on the street that heads down to the port charming riomaggior this lovely wellkept restaurant offers small selection of dishes split between ligurian specialities and mor
restaurant_1834.tsv	the adriatic rivier perfect picturepostcard summer holiday destination is the setting for this fin restaurant run by chef maur uli hidden among the priv beac clubs that crowd
restaurant_1607.tsv	situated on the hill leading to palazz farnes this restaurant occupies the oldest building the villag whic dates back to 1370 sinc 1940 the calistr family hav been delighting the
restaurant_1161.tsv	althoug fish dishes also featur on the menu hidalg has long enjoyed reputation for its excellent meat options thanks to its different cuts of steak and beef sourced from around the world
restaurant_1175.tsv	the neapolitan tradition of interpreting dreams 50 means bread doug whil the word “kalò” has greek origins and means good – the nam “good dough” explains the secret behind the pizzas
restaurant_1613.tsv	situated along the via pizz this historic restaurant boasts simpl yet lively ambienc with local and international feel excellent pizzas mad from quality label produc you’ll
restaurant_148.tsv	at circolin enjoy interesting cuisin designed by claud sadler and prepared by skilful resident chef lorenz sacc there’s cafècumbistr at the entranc with its own kitchen and an
restaurant_160.tsv	simpl authentic trattor with family atmosph and two small dining rooms one is quieter than the other with bright colours and tables arranged clos together the restaurant’s popularity
restaurant_606.tsv	friendly welcom awaits this historic family restaurant serving authentic traditional piedmontes cuisin wher dishes such as peppers stuffed with tun and anchovies agnolott monferrin
restaurant_94.tsv	situated right the heart of the bergam plain the small town of caravagg famous for the painter of the sam nam and for muchvisited pilgrim shrin this welcoming restaurant boasts
restaurant_612.tsv	situated on small squar with an attract outdoor spac this restaurant offers menu whic features fish from the lak and other seasonal produc prepared with both modern and traditional
restaurant_80.tsv	the top floor of the renovated execut spa hotel now houses chef matt trabetti’s finedining restaurant wher the rooftop dining room boasts relaxing views of the surrounding hills and the
restaurant_1149.tsv	the hom of claud and riccard piastrin is situated amid the beautiful montefeltr hills longheld dream for this coupl whic they nurtured for years the restaurant has been
restaurant_174.tsv	ideal for visitors to olbi this modern fresh and young restaurant serves typical regional specialities alongsid mor imagin fish dishes fin weather ask for tabl on the lovely
restaurant_389.tsv	this restaurant housed historic palazz the centr of chiavar the owners hav used the structural beauty of the building to showcas the skills of local artisans resulting very
restaurant_1388.tsv	this lively dynamic restaurant is converted building that once housed cinem and later belonged to the railways top quality ingredients tak prid of plac her whil the pleasant
restaurant_1363.tsv	simpl almost rustic restaurant the pedestrianised historic centr of one of the medieval villages that add to the special attraction of the parc madon her the owner prepares
restaurant_438.tsv	having opened new premises lamez term abbruzzin oltre this restaurant has retained young chef anton faz who practically grew up her at the helm at this address wher he continues
restaurant_1405.tsv	situated between via venet and piazz barberin mom is modern multifaceted restaurant that serves informal dishes at lunchtim and mor creativ traditional far the gourmet restaurant
restaurant_1411.tsv	the view of florenc is just one of the many reasons to to serra whic also boasts an attract renovated decor fin location medic vill and last but certainly not least superb
restaurant_1377.tsv	tradition and cosmopolitan spirit combin this highly original and exciting restaurant whic has stepped off the usual gastronomic bandwagon spectacul fashion it’s not by chanc that l’
restaurant_404.tsv	situated near the citt alta delightful setting surrounded by hills vill elen is one of the most sumptuous villas the countrysid around bergam housed 16c building with
restaurant_362.tsv	borg san giul is situated just stroll from the sea old rimin district of narrow alleyways and brightly painted houses that once provided homes for local fishermen it is also hom to
restaurant_1439.tsv	quiet well kept restaurant located an aristocratic early twentieth century vill surrounded by pretty garden
restaurant_376.tsv	althoug it seems incredibl today this restaurant central turin situated just stone’s throw from the santuar consol stands on street that once marked the boundary between the
restaurant_410.tsv	befor sitting down at this restaurant why not tak short stroll to the nearby viewpoint looking out towards capr – perfect prelud to the excellent homecooked and authentic campanian
restaurant_360.tsv	standardbearer for regional cuisin david pallud continues to delight guests year after year based on faithfully interpreted piedmontes recipes such as the excellent plin sug
restaurant_406.tsv	classic attractively elegant restaurant whic boasts an extens choic of dishes on its menu the varied options her rang from meat to fish dishes often prepared regional recipes such
restaurant_412.tsv	this restaurant is situated on the top floor of turin’s iconic lingott building the former fiat factory wher the famous test track for cars has been transformed into botanic garden – an
restaurant_1349.tsv	situated within the castel pietr hotel this pleasant restaurant with combination of traditional and modern decor serves contemporarystyl meat often with regional focus and fish dishes
restaurant_374.tsv	it takes whil to get her along road whic wends its way throug the hills but the cuisin mor than compensates for the journey the food her is based on careful choic of ingredients
restaurant_1407.tsv	small gem of restaurant housed an old farmhous adorned with beautiful drapes and decorations althoug there’s new chef her the long family tradition of regional cuisin mainly meat
restaurant_1361.tsv	it would be difficult for the menu at this restaurant to convey the beauty and quality of the fresh fish on display near the kitchen wher guests can mak the own selection her sorts of
restaurant_1375.tsv	to describ this restaurant as corner of sicily bergam would be clic as the menu offers so much mor however there’s no hiding chef cristian fagone’s sicilian origins whic are
restaurant_1413.tsv	familyrun trattor whic is simpl style yet offers professional and courteous servic the menu focuses mainly on umbrian specialities fresh past grilled dishes and an impress
restaurant_348.tsv	the main focus of 28 post is its ethical stanc with seasonal ingredients sourced from small producers and an emphasis on making the most of each and every ingredient order to keep food wast
restaurant_96.tsv	situated on the ground floor of the grand hotel princip piemont an iconic hotel viaregg whic recently celebrated its centenary this restaurant boasts long elegant dining room and
restaurant_604.tsv	kerkir corfu greek owes its existenc to the chef’s greek mother who passed on the culinary traditions of her nativ island to her son thes traditions are aliv and well this tavern
restaurant_162.tsv	what was once post station is now renowned restaurant overlooking the villores canal althoug the attract dining room has retained som of its historical features the decor her is mor
restaurant_1639.tsv	you climb up into the hills along winding roads and past oliv groves to the spectacul 17c vill rospigl designed by bernin whic boasts breathtaking views from her you’r
restaurant_176.tsv	having moved to new premises near castell svev and sant mar assunt cathedral this restaurant now boasts splendid views from its outdoor terrac and comfortabl historic ambienc its
restaurant_82.tsv	situated just beyond the centr of albeng beautiful location right on the beac with only small priv beac club separating it from the sea this restaurant has been business for
restaurant_610.tsv	situated the alta lang region this old restored farmhous is now hom to an elegant restaurant with contemporary rural feel the cuisin has strong regional roots althoug the menu also
restaurant_1163.tsv	it’s well worth heading off the traditional tourist trail to experienc this simpl and informal trattor bolognin the city’s historic workingclass district whic now has very
restaurant_638.tsv	it is difficult to choos between the thre delightful rooms this restaurant one has hug fireplac used for roasting the famous porceddu suckling pig another mor intim style is
restaurant_1605.tsv	situated just few kilometres from vogher the bass lomellin are this gourmet restaurant run by young chef occupies the old stables of the castell san gaudenz alongsid local
restaurant_1611.tsv	this restaurant with characteristic brickvaulted ceilings has retained the feel of its previous rol as warehous desp the limited choic of dishes on the menu her ther is strong focus
restaurant_1177.tsv	situated near the banks of the river po this century old family run restaurant serves regional specialities such as the famous culatell ham you will find reasonably priced local dishes at
restaurant_55.tsv	situated at the entranc to romantic villag the chiant region this former stabl has been converted into quiet elegant restaurant by young coupl with beautiful garden for summer
restaurant_1822.tsv	this designerstyl restaurant is housed on the fourth floor of the historic enel palazz remodelled and converted into the dsquared2 building it combines the use of brass marbl and wood to
restaurant_1836.tsv	chiogg is famous as one of the mor activ fishing ports the region and this restaurant takes full of advantag of the local catc situated on the central promenad of this picturesqu town
restaurant_1188.tsv	this tastefully decorated restaurant is housed lat 18c building whic is marked on an old map from the napoleonic her the best local ingredients are selected to cre regional
restaurant_41.tsv	chef tommas arrigoni’s restaurant has wonderful new location wher floortoceiling windows the spacious modern dining room overlook larg mediterranean garden that is just as appealing
restaurant_69.tsv	the perfect choic for thos who lov the sea courtesy of the splendid views of the mediterranean throug the pictur windows the dining room guests can observ the two chefs at work the
restaurant_823.tsv	you’d recognis this cuisin as southern italian even if you wer blindfolded thanks to its strong and intens flavours imaginatively prepared and presented dishes many of whic showcas the
restaurant_189.tsv	gellius boasts uniqu and atmospheric setting within the antic opitergium museum surrounded by archaeological remains that tell the story of the town from the beginning of the roman period it
restaurant_837.tsv	situated small hous an outlying villag the countrysid this is simpl inviting restaurant wher you can enjoy seasonal local cuisin excellent wines
restaurant_770.tsv	this attract restaurant offers thre tasting menus featuring traditional and mor creativ dishes whic influences from piedmont ligur and campan the chef’s nativ region combin
restaurant_1759.tsv	firmly aimed at trendier crowd this restaurant has soft lighting and an oriental feel the chef her skilfully creates rang of dishes including raw fish options and original fusion cuisin
restaurant_1981.tsv	this small yet smart restaurant the oltrep paves region is dream tru for ownerchef alessandr foll whos cuisin shows the influenc of his experienc working different
restaurant_764.tsv	situated on redeveloped industrial sit and part of training school this restaurant offers mor concis menu at lunchtim with lower prices than the evening but with the sam highquality
restaurant_994.tsv	david scabin one of piedmont’s most famous chefs who was also awarded two michelin starts at his rivol restaurant continues to reinvent and apply himself with as much enthusiasm as ever his
restaurant_1017.tsv	situated tranquil location overlooking the vineyards this winery and elegant restaurant is owned by the “prophet” hernanes brazilian footballer who played for many years the italian
restaurant_1771.tsv	run by the fischett family this gastronomic oasis has been stronghold for fin cuisin and regional flavours for 35 years now the restaurant was opened 1988 year that is celebrated on
restaurant_1765.tsv	now occupied by charming boutiqu hotel the castell ugent is also hom to this restaurant wher the puglian chef reinterprets the traditions of salent contemporary dishes that featur
restaurant_758.tsv	this small long established restaurant has been run by the sam family for thre generations as depicted by the black and whit photos on the walls simpl and well maintained dining
restaurant_980.tsv	situated beneath the walls of castell oldofred the centr of this delightful lakesid villag not far from the lak itself this restaurant with young team at the helm has light
restaurant_1003.tsv	chef luc villan creates menus that focus on simplicity organic produc from the sann region and an uncompromising philosophy the restaurant is situated within the hotel acquapetr resort
restaurant_1956.tsv	situated away from the sea at the foot of medieval district this intim restaurant boasts historic decor dotted with modern details such as black parquet flooring and industrialstyl pipes
restaurant_1942.tsv	elegant settings or the summer overlooking the splendid piazz dant you will find fragrant maremm cuisin based on excellent ingredients the solid family management makes it valid
restaurant_957.tsv	situated an old farmstead this elegant and pleasant establishment has warm and typically tyroles atmosph
restaurant_943.tsv	the entranc to this restaurant is typical of an old residentialstyl building giving the impression that you are stepping into the chef’s own hom her the beautiful dining room boasts shared
restaurant_214.tsv	dirt track leads to this magical setting – an 11c castl perched among the tuscan hills whic is now privately owned and has been restored and renovated over the past 15 years situated the
restaurant_1229.tsv	situated bucolic location the trentin wher the excellent vin sant is produced we recommend rounding off your meal with glass of the equally superb grapp this restaurant and
restaurant_572.tsv	an original ambienc with real character as well as top quality fish and seafood ther is also charming outdoor are overlooking the canal wher old boats from the muse mariner are
restaurant_566.tsv	centrally located and with plain almost minimalist interior and small charming outdoor spac on the pedestrianised street for summer dining oster acquarol serves dishes whic are strongly
restaurant_200.tsv	this inn whic has been serving food sinc the early 19c boasts warm atmosph with rustic feel the beautiful garden makes delightful setting fin weather whil the cuisin focuses
restaurant_228.tsv	one of the bestknown addresses this region for fish enthusiasts this restaurant serves freshly caught fish prepared simpl traditional dishes that allow the quality of the flavour to
restaurant_1573.tsv	occupying typical mountain property quiet district this restaurant features two magnificent stubestyl rooms one dating from the 17c the other the 18c decorated with profusion of
restaurant_1215.tsv	medieval hous with ston arches built over the remains of mosaics from roman vill – the location alon makes this restaurant truly memorabl add to this modern beautifully prepared
restaurant_1201.tsv	situated 50 metres from the basil of san zen the patron saint of veron this restaurant housed renovated workshop boasts plenty of outdoor spac for summer dining her enjoy eclectic
restaurant_1567.tsv	situated the historic centr of passign wher the villag seems to jut out into the lak trasimen som tables the main dining room boast views of the lak – mak sur you book
restaurant_1598.tsv	situated near the neoclassical vill pignatell and front of the vill comunal gardens this restaurant offers an outdoor spac as well as an elegant tavernastyl dining room “la vit
restaurant_599.tsv	singl elegant room for menu that is an invitation to gastronomic journey with mart grass at tantris you’ll find local references but the offering is essentially creativ and freely
restaurant_598.tsv	this restaurant is paradis for meateaters – its signatur dishes are prim cuts of meat mostly beef from different breeds whic are displayed the refrigerated cabinet at the entranc
restaurant_1599.tsv	warmed by an open fir winter this welcoming familyrun restaurant celebrates the cuisin of piedmont althoug few fish dishes also featur on the menu traditional timehonoured and
restaurant_1200.tsv	after significant refurbishment this restaurant now has completely new look – its black marbl has been replaced by mor contemporary colour schem that gives it mor international feel
restaurant_1566.tsv	traditional features such as exposed ston walls and wooden ceilings provid pleasant contrast to the contemporarystyl furnishings at this restaurant housed the charming palazz fort
restaurant_1572.tsv	run by the sam family for over 30 years this restaurant has recently been fully renovated it serves traditional cuisin as well as som imagin dishes and good choic of win alfresc
restaurant_229.tsv	one of the most interesting michelinstarred restaurants the region situated among houses with brick façades port san giorgio’s charming historic centr this restaurant has just few
restaurant_1214.tsv	situated within the beautiful vill paol hotel just outsid trope this gourmet restaurant is named after the frat minim order of minims who once occupied this old monastery the cuisin
restaurant_567.tsv	althoug the sun sets behind you at this restaurant the sky takes on beautiful indig hues at dusk henc the nam indac so it’s well worth getting her for sunset overlooking small bay at
restaurant_201.tsv	once throug the entranc gat mak your way throug an orchard planted with citrus trees to get to this restaurant occupying charming carefully restored 19c “palmento” building once used
restaurant_215.tsv	this longestablished family restaurant dates back 150 years whil the old town of borg trent whic it is situated althoug now surrounded by the modern city has much older history
restaurant_573.tsv	sinc 2007 gainn has showcased the fascinating and delicious flavours of colourful korean cuisin with its ricebased dishes soups meat fish plenty of vegetables and soy the best way to
restaurant_1228.tsv	this intim and romantic restaurant occupies an old 18c rural hous whic is situated small hamlet the cembr valley two small dining rooms with vaguely modern feel the husband
restaurant_942.tsv	small win boutiqu at the entranc to this oster the villag centr displays the restaurant’s own wines whic are the perfect complement to your meal as well as being availabl to
restaurant_956.tsv	this wellkept welcoming restaurant with colourful decor and win bottles adorning the walls serves imagin dishes with modern combinations – our inspector particularly enjoyed the guine
restaurant_1943.tsv	befor entering this restaurant stop for moment to admir the crystalcl waters of the sant susann canal whic runs oppos the building trot has revolutionised and raised the
restaurant_1957.tsv	as its address indicates this restaurant is situated on an island formed by loop the po river sinc 1947 the cattivell family hav been celebrating the best of the lower po valley’s
restaurant_1764.tsv	from corvar tak the ultramodern boè cablec to this restaurant accessibl also on skis or by foot whic is one of the dining options at the piz boè alpin loung for access turn right as
restaurant_1002.tsv	the many posit adjectives that can be used to describ the trafoier family can be summed up by simply saying that they are uniqu the individual talents together the natural and
restaurant_981.tsv	two brothers hav brought fresh lif to this exciting bistr the heart of the prenestinocentocell district wher the delicious cuisin is prepared by paol and the win selection overseen by
restaurant_759.tsv	gamber ross was founded the 1970s when anna mar and giusepp scull decided to pay trib to the sea that they had previously left as emigrants sinc then the restaurant has becom
restaurant_1016.tsv	this fascinating littl restaurant set the maz of narrow streets around the abbey of san colomb invites you to its succession of small dining rooms decorated with pictures and win bottles
restaurant_995.tsv	situated just few metres from the blu grott and perched right abov the water ricc is the quintessential mediterranean finedining restaurant thanks to its tasteful and elegant decor
restaurant_1770.tsv	this elegant contemporarystyl restaurant is situated right the historic centr the menu features host of gourmet dishes as well as mor modern fish and meat options created by the
restaurant_1980.tsv	to get to this exclus restaurant you driv throug an idyllic landscap of small lanes lined with dryston walls and fields belonging to the baracc farm estat of whic falcon and
restaurant_1758.tsv	the piedmontes dialect “argaj” translates as “satisfaction” and never has restaurant nam seemed mor appropr simpl colourful and welcoming dining room with windows looking out
restaurant_765.tsv	situated slightly off the beaten track this modern win bar is also restaurant serving mediterranean cuisin accompanied by selection of 700 organic wines snacks are availabl at aperitif
restaurant_771.tsv	this aptly named restaurant at nino’s hous is situated chef nin costanzo’s own hous residential district amid the hills of ischi once over the threshold you mak your way
restaurant_188.tsv	the cuisin at this tiny simply furnished restaurant includes barbecued dishes and fermented ingredients of whic featur on tasting menu guests can also choos à cart the small
restaurant_836.tsv	vill feltrinell was the lakesid holiday hom of the milanes family of the sam nam who chos this beautiful location on lak gard for its scenery of rugged mountains and its relaxing
restaurant_822.tsv	this restaurant situated less than 1km from the shores of beautiful lak gard chef peter brunel from trentin not only creates contemporary cuisin but has also designed many of the
restaurant_68.tsv	this restaurant has traditional feel both its richly decorated dining room and its cuisin the roots of whic are firmly planted the region this is the plac for guests who aren’t
restaurant_1837.tsv	situated near the duom san pietr and the central cors umbert this small delightful restaurant occupies historic palazz and boasts simpl yet elegant decor including attract floor
restaurant_40.tsv	situated the historic centr near the ceramic museum som of its pieces are also on display the restaurant bin ricchebu boasts an attract outdoor spac charming small squar
restaurant_1189.tsv	situated the heart of the historic centr just stone’s throw from the aquarium this designerstyl restaurant has retained som of the palazzo’s historic features specialities her rang
restaurant_54.tsv	situated the delightful prosecc winegrowing region cond is wellestablished trattor whic has been the sam family for generations and whic remains faithful to the gastronomic
restaurant_1823.tsv	situated away from the tourist trail this authentic neighbourhood restaurant popul with locals serves two types of cuisin namely fishbased dishes and roman specialities announced at your
restaurant_1610.tsv	situated on the banks of the river this seasid oster run by chef lel usa the michelinstarred tin is on the first floor of the building is the perfect setting for business lunc or an
restaurant_1176.tsv	the philosophy of this restaurant of the town centr situated just outsid the trafficrestricted zon talks about “stories from the kitchen” and “urban” dishes other words it chooses the
restaurant_639.tsv	althoug ther is an extens à cart at this restaurant it is on the tasting menus that the chef showcases his creativ cuisin to the full his suggestion menu features dishes such as
restaurant_1162.tsv	thre brothers two front of hous and one the kitchen offer friendly welcom at this modern elegant restaurant on the seafront at tran just 20min walk from the town’s picturesqu port
restaurant_1604.tsv	this attract rustic style restaurant is situated just few kilometres from the centr of cervin it stands tranquil panoramic basin wher the only neighbours are the marmots the
restaurant_177.tsv	if you are looking for fish specialities you will find this restaurant real revelation raw dishes oysters and seafood tak prid of plac on the menu alongsid freshly caught fish an
restaurant_611.tsv	one of italy’s longestablished restaurants the esplanad has been proud holder of michelin star sinc 1992 and is so renowned among foodlovers that its nam is practically synonymous with
restaurant_83.tsv	situated just outsid the villag this unusual restaurant now run by the fourth generation of the sam family is dedicated to baccal dried cod this features not only on the menu but also
restaurant_605.tsv	an old building next to the roman bridg pont pietr with coupl of romantic small balconies overlooking the river charming dining rooms provid the backdrop for regional cuisin with
restaurant_97.tsv	occupying an old hous the town centr this restaurant is strongly influenced by the character and ideas of ownerchef riccard bosc who offers an original mix of traditional trent cuisin
restaurant_1638.tsv	situated the heart of the historic centr this restaurant pays trib to the cagl region and the marc hinterland dishes featur the best local ingredients such as truffles season
restaurant_163.tsv	working partnership with the nearby fishmongers whic supplies it with fresh fish and seafood this restaurant occupies building once used for storing oranges that dates back 400 years
restaurant_1374.tsv	following years of experienc renowned restaurants ownerchef cir albert has achieved his dream of opening his own plac with its clean lines and natural colour schem his restaurant has
restaurant_349.tsv	situated closed to the motorway exit this restaurant’s rustic exterior belies its young colourful and contemporary interior the dishes are as modern as the decor yet they hav the roots
restaurant_1412.tsv	schlosswirt forst is typical 16c residenc that is hom to traditional restaurant few guestrooms and the luisl stub small gem boasting the beautiful old wood and traditional chandeliers
restaurant_1406.tsv	whether you din the modern dining room at this centrally located palazz or the small courtyard fin weather albert buratt offers choic of tasting menus including the vegetarian “
restaurant_1360.tsv	this historic restaurant now has new premises with classic yet modern feel mediterranean cuisin with traditional and regional influenc
restaurant_1348.tsv	the occasional creativ touc is evident the fish and seafood dishes served this welcoming mediterranean style restaurant with an attract outdoor terrac the restaurant stands right on
restaurant_413.tsv	cavour serves topquality cuisin rooted regional traditions making it the type of restaurant that everyon would lik as the local daily specials with seasonal focus such as the
restaurant_375.tsv	delightful combination of good food and romantic ambienc this old restored farmhous surrounded by hills top quality cuisin and win cell that is well worth visit
restaurant_361.tsv	this restaurant occupies one of the oldest houses san vigil it serves typical ladin specialities wood clad dining rooms and has delightful stub among the various specialities on the
restaurant_407.tsv	this small restaurant with vaulted ceiling provides the setting for dishes that hav by now becom classics thanks to the focus on topquality ingredients the cuisin is light and simpl
restaurant_1364.tsv	this minimaliststyl restaurant is hom to one of the most interesting young chefs catan this historic building with beautiful ceilings enjoy topquality sicilian cuisin created by
restaurant_1402.tsv	situated the heart of the gastronomic lang region this small renovated restaurant the centr of town reservations required is imbued with the passion of the coupl at the helm he’s
restaurant_359.tsv	originally from sardin chef francesc star has returned hom to his nativ island wher he focuses on completely “circular” cuisin this restaurant situated protected marin are the
restaurant_1416.tsv	an excellent win list and piacenz dishes to tast at tables whic are well spaced out the larg dining room with an elegant rustic character furnished pleasant fashion
restaurant_1370.tsv	situated the district of palaud at the foot of mont blanc this small win bar with tranquil ambienc serves interesting cuisin prepared by talented japanes chef who adds his own personal
restaurant_403.tsv	small rustic style hostelry set insid 16c building with cosy summer terrac typical tuscan far based on excellent produc and with som personal touches
restaurant_1358.tsv	situated one of the liveliest workingclass neighbourhoods of naples this restaurant serves traditional neapolitan pizzas including few unusual innovations such as pizzas the shap of an
restaurant_365.tsv	perhaps becaus of its out of the way location business district wher you would never normally expect to find restaurant this restaurant has mad every effort to becom one of the
restaurant_371.tsv	situated the heart of the city near the teatr bellin and piazz univers this restaurant occupies an art nouveaustyl building her tri of experienced young chefs from catan hav
restaurant_417.tsv	the entranc to this restaurant throug wineb can be misleading as you are eventually led to simpler – yet still attract – dining rooms this winethemed setting enjoy delicious fish
restaurant_1600.tsv	this small rusticstyl restaurant just outsid the centr of piazz armerin serves personalised cuisin whic local ingredients tak prid of plac influences from elsewh italy are
restaurant_1166.tsv	as its nam suggests this restaurant’s guests can enjoy the meal surrounded by verdant gardens whic are planted with palms flowers and citrus trees regional flavours tak centrestag
restaurant_1172.tsv	situated an attract part of veron right oppos the famous castelvecc this restaurant boasts relaxing ambienc with wood ceilings classic yet informal furnishings subtl lighting
restaurant_629.tsv	we particularly enjoyed this restaurant for its outofthisworld feel housed charming chalet with an open fireplac oster cipp serves cuisin mad from typical local ingredients at
restaurant_1614.tsv	the ambienc at this hushed and discreet restaurant couldn’t be mor different from the hustl and bustl of the elegant district whic it is situated the softly lit dining rooms are elegant
restaurant_167.tsv	this welcoming family run trattor comprises of two attract dining rooms and beautiful summer garden it specialises regional dishes that vary according to the seasons guine fowl
restaurant_93.tsv	familyrun “gastrosteria” hidden small venetian courtyard with modern and elegant decor dominated by beig and black tones full of exciting and imagin flavours the modern meat and
restaurant_601.tsv	the nam of this restaurant discreetly hidden away an alleyway on the edge of the town centr is dialect word meaning “old bachelor” small tables set clos together giv the ambienc of
restaurant_87.tsv	not far from the pantheon this original restaurant arranged over four floors serves the type of fin chines cuisin whic has graced official banquets chin ever sinc the tim of chairman
restaurant_615.tsv	warm welcoming intim and friendly – it’s easy to get carried away with the adjectives when describing this restaurant housed 16c farmhous this is the perfect choic for anyon looking
restaurant_173.tsv	just stone’s throw from piazz san michel the heart of the beautiful historic centr of lucc the buc santanton is one of the city’s oldest restaurants specialising traditional
restaurant_1628.tsv	overlooked by medieval tower the main town squar this restaurant is perfect for anyon keen on classic traditional cuisin hous specialities includ dishes cooked over the barbecu grill
restaurant_198.tsv	you will need certain amount of patienc to tackl the winding road throug woods and hills to get to pinet but the food makes the journey well worthwhil ther is restricted choic –
restaurant_826.tsv	situated on the first floor of the 13c military fort the centr of rubier this elegant restaurant boasts fiv dining rooms each one mor delightful than the last and frescoed with the
restaurant_78.tsv	this restaurant is renowned for its excellent modern and inviting cuisin the menu showcases mostly regional ingredients including meat that are transformed into delicious recipes – the
restaurant_832.tsv	for almost 40 years the angol d’abruzz restaurant has been hom to the centof family who act as excellent ambassadors for the region by offering the best local seasonal ingredients for
restaurant_1827.tsv	boasting superb location abov gabicc mont this excellent restaurant run by the third generation of the sam family offers breathtaking views of the romagn coast posillipo’s superb fish
restaurant_50.tsv	colourful mediterranean cuisin with the occasional creativ twist yet always based on local specialities this attract restaurant takes its nam from an old dialect once use the ports
restaurant_1199.tsv	two of your senses will experienc powerful marin sensations this plac your sight will be delighted with the enchanting view especially from the terrac and your tast will be tantalised
restaurant_44.tsv	hospitality abounds this establishment wher the cuisin is inspired by local traditions especially fish favourably located restaurant the historical centr on the banks of the bianc
restaurant_1833.tsv	this restaurant lies within the capodifium estat microcosm that is hom to the sourc of the trab river henc the restaurant nam and hydroelectric power station whic supplies the
restaurant_1774.tsv	this larg farmhous with attractively renovated rooms overlooks the verdant landscapes of the sarc valley from its wisteriashaded summer pergol young chef giad mior prepares regional
restaurant_749.tsv	perched high on the tuf cliffs overlooking the cost this contemporarystyl restaurant boasts superb views from its dining room and especially from its panoramic summer terrac the
restaurant_1012.tsv	desp its not particularly romantic location alongsid the road this restaurant attracts loyal following who her for the excellent fish cuisin guestrooms are also availabl for thos
restaurant_991.tsv	this warm welcoming restaurant with wooden ceiling and walls serves simpl dishes as well as mor creativ elabor far the focus her is on showcasing the topquality ingredients used
restaurant_1006.tsv	follow your satnav and you’ll easily find this priv residenc situated just outsid the villag the restaurant is family run and furnished classic style with an attract verand room
restaurant_985.tsv	this traditional restaurant has been taking good car of its guests for generations the delicious authentic cuisin served her is accompanied by an extens win list that will delight fans of
restaurant_1760.tsv	this restaurant the centr of spez boasts striking openview kitchen its small brickvaulted dining room modern cuisin with focus on superb fish dishes accompanied by professional
restaurant_1748.tsv	situated abov the villag this authentic agritur raises cows horses and pigs and produces its own meat salamis and cheeses of whic are availabl onlin and its own shop other
restaurant_775.tsv	this restaurant is renowned bergam for its good choic of varied cuisin as well as its lively buzzing atmosph the excellent tasty cuisin is typically italian and contemporary style
restaurant_761.tsv	situated on the lakesid the residential district of verban this small old england style restaurant serves selection of freshwater and saltwater fish specialities if the weather allows
restaurant_952.tsv	this historic restaurant run by the sam family for many years is situated right on the lak with its own priv mooring whic can be best appreciated from the charming verand the current
restaurant_946.tsv	modern bistr with cocktailb trendy decor soft lighting and loungestyl background music as well as small outdoor spac on the pavement whic needs to be booked well advanc the
restaurant_1953.tsv	fer has two different spaces – bistrob serving cocktails and street food and gourmet restaurant wher chef feltrin and his team showcas the full rang of the culinary skills the
restaurant_1947.tsv	althoug the external façad of this restaurant recalls its former lif as pub the building is now hom to restaurant run by young chef whos experienc working abroad has don nothing to
restaurant_1210.tsv	this aptly named restaurant the color hotel just short distanc from lak gard boasts modern colourful decor and cuisin worthy of its nam dishes are inspired by mediterranean
restaurant_1576.tsv	transferred to piazz rivarol 21 tivol adri baldassarre’s small intim restaurant is situated historic tivol whic is renowned for its fascinating history and hadrian’s vill
restaurant_239.tsv	built on stilts the clandestin is uniqu restaurant with simpl yet trendy ambienc whic overlooks beautiful unspoilt beac with views of the sea from the windows and distinctly
restaurant_1562.tsv	this restaurant was first awarded michelin star 1959 whic makes it the longestheld star with break of only two years italy housed 15c palazz next to the aquil dor hotel
restaurant_1204.tsv	charming annex to the vill miravall hotel on the edge of riva’s historic centr this restaurant boasts warm atmosph and pleasant outdoor spac for summer dining the regional
restaurant_577.tsv	this informal win bar the town centr features paper tablecloths and menu chalked up on two blackboards delicious regional cuisin including the occasional dish with surprisingly modern
restaurant_211.tsv	situated on the via emil this elegant ownerrun restaurant has for decades been renowned for its topquality regional cuisin with an updated twist as well as its reinterpreted fish
restaurant_205.tsv	one of the best restaurants the are san martin focuses on fish dishes including classic favourites inherited from the chef’s father as well as mor creativ far introduced by the new
restaurant_1238.tsv	camb turin’s historic restaurant par excellenc is piedmont’s crowning jewel with few equals the whol of europ her the meticulously restored risorg room with origins that
restaurant_563.tsv	young chef with experienc renowned restaurants has taken over the old kindergarten this villag and transformed it into delightful restaurant her he serves contemporary cuisin
restaurant_588.tsv	housed what was once the chapel of medieval monastery mildas serves classic specialities from trent alongsid selection of dishes created by mirk the lat founder of the restaurant
restaurant_1589.tsv	this twomichelinstarred restaurant is situated far from the crowded alleyways of capr the greener and mor residential anacapr wher its backdrop is the semihidden capr palac one of
restaurant_1588.tsv	frenchitalian coupl is at the helm this attract classicstyl vill on the outskirts of bresc wher few tables hav been laid out the bay windows overlooking the garden the
restaurant_589.tsv	situated amid the foothills outsid bergam this elegant country hous accessed via garden boasts rustic features such as parquet flooring exposed beams and an open fireplac set amid an
restaurant_204.tsv	from the coast road you tak series of hairpin bends down to marin equa the beac at vic wher you will see this old fortified tower standing just few metres from the sea the tower
restaurant_562.tsv	success generations of the sam family hav run this pleasant restaurant just outsid the city for over 70 years enjoy selection of fish and seafood dishes raw grilled or fried with
restaurant_1239.tsv	the original sign painted on this restaurant’s façad hints at history whic dates back over century situated outsid the villag and surrounded by sweet chestnut trees and tuf rock what
restaurant_576.tsv	this restaurant managed with passion has becom cornerston of trevis restaurants thanks to fish cuisin contaminated by contemporary inspirations do not miss the raw specialties
restaurant_210.tsv	the softtoned decor is modern and intim whil the cuisin also has contemporary feel dishes includ meat and fish options plus numerous types of risottos many of whic featur distinctly
restaurant_1563.tsv	leaving pinerolo’s arcades behind you small courtyard leads into this historic trattor housed 20c building whic current chef christian milon has transformed into an elegant restaurant
restaurant_238.tsv	located outsid the city centr about 1km from the city walls this restaurant is hom to chef masak kurod the owner of serendip capannor who serves traditional japanes cuisin
restaurant_1205.tsv	thre brothers of them experts are the enthusiastic managers of this very fin restaurant recent renovation has increased the comfort and popularity of the plac the cuisin is piedmontes
restaurant_1211.tsv	situated clos to the vatican this is one of the best trattorias rom with simpl decor and just one usually very busy dining room booking ahead is recommended as well as delicious
restaurant_1577.tsv	delicious plat of schlutzkrapfen raviol stuffed with spinac and ricott is just what’s needed after good day’s skiing or hik throug the woods and that’s not – durnwald is an
restaurant_1946.tsv	from lak maggior you climb up mottaron mountain to an altitud of around 1 400m to reac this 19c hunting lodg wher young coupl of selftaught chefs provid warm and friendly welcom
restaurant_1952.tsv	occupying 17c palazz the villag centr this restaurant showcases regional cuisin its glory including specialities such as leek and saffron gnocc boiled tongu pumpkin the
restaurant_947.tsv	desp its idyllic location facing the picturesqu piazz dellanfiteatr this restaurant has avoided becoming tourist trap evolving instead into one of the most interesting restaurants
restaurant_953.tsv	business for century this simpl yet successful trattor serves traditional tuscan cuisin with specialities such as riboll stew and rabbit casserol on the menu there’s just one
restaurant_760.tsv	known throughout italy for its pillow lac the small town of pescocostanz is hom to this charming restaurant that specialises cuisin from the abruzz region ingredients on the menu includ
restaurant_1749.tsv	restaurant with pension near the old town wher you can enjoy piacentin dishes served outdoors nic weather and the airy indoors dining hall during the colder months the rooms are two
restaurant_774.tsv	housed historic palazz on the charming piazz mott the town centr this restaurant is one you will immediately want to shar with family and friends thanks to its delicious
restaurant_984.tsv	you pass throug beautiful hilly scenery to get to cartos wher you’ll find this typical country hous part of whic has been recently renovated specialising local cuisin althoug it’s
restaurant_1007.tsv	the tild accent over the “o” the nam of this restaurant is subtl allusion to the sea that lies between campan the chef’s nativ region and sardin his adopted hom with just few
restaurant_1761.tsv	local gastronomic traditions are demonstrated at the best this rustic restaurant whic serves delicious past excellent meat and fragrant sardinian wines our favour dishes includ the
restaurant_1775.tsv	din surrounded by decor of stucc and paintings or alfresc overlooking the grand canal this highly luxurious restaurant arva from the latin cultivated land pays homag to the sea the
restaurant_990.tsv	situated right on the seafront this restaurant plunges its guests back tim with its polished wood mirrors and classic decor giving it the feel of an english galleon mediterranean cuisin
restaurant_1013.tsv	recently reopened under new management this charming restaurant winds its way from room to room until you finally arriv at the palazzo’s old cellars the jewel its crown the cuisin her
restaurant_748.tsv	two smart dining rooms offer two different dining experiences at this restaurant one with chairs at the bar and conveyer belt of traditional japanes dishes the other serving contemporary
restaurant_45.tsv	opened 1966 rom is real culinary institution the versil region serving cuisin mad from topquality ingredients with particul focus on local fish althoug its philosophy has
restaurant_1832.tsv	this rustic welcoming restaurant two dining rooms with exposed beams acts as the backdrop for traditional cuisin featuring meat and fish dishes alik often cooked on the barbecu grill the
restaurant_1826.tsv	this lively welcoming restaurant serves simpl and traditional regional cuisin especially from emil romagn alongsid mor creativ far the “tradizion evoluzione” menu features classic
restaurant_1198.tsv	situated the upper part of the town near the vittorial estat this rustic 18c building is the setting for regional cuisin prepared using seasonal ingredients the charming small courtyard
restaurant_51.tsv	built over medieval churc this old fort that once guarded the port has becom the enviabl location of restaurant it serves delicious fish and seafood specialities with the distinct flavour
restaurant_833.tsv	modern mediterranean and venetian cuisin served thre elegant dining rooms or – on request – the win bar surrounded by bottles of win throug the windows enjoy the spectacl of gondolas
restaurant_79.tsv	housed building whic dates back to the 16c and is part of the hotel of the sam nam this stubestyl restaurant at the foot of the tre cim is typical of the alto adig as is the simpl
restaurant_199.tsv	situated villag famous for its “tortellin brodo” dish lumir serves emilian cuisin with modern twist highlights on the menu includ fresh homemad past such as traditional
restaurant_827.tsv	enjoy year round dining on the glass fronted terrac whic overlooks the garden and the beautiful lak the cuisin her encompasses the whol of italy occasionally using ingredients from
restaurant_614.tsv	enjoy modern mediterraneaninfluenced cuisin an elegant restaurant with an attract vintagestyl ambienc wher the excellent menu is announced at your tabl and varies according to daily
restaurant_86.tsv	this restaurant is accessed via the internal courtyard of typical period building wher meals are served alfresc summer the menu features delicious array of piedmontes specialities
restaurant_1629.tsv	sal stands region wher the typical hills cypresses and oliv trees of tuscany meet the sea the connection between the land and the quality of the cuisin served her is reinforced by
restaurant_172.tsv	situated the lloyd’s bai hotel between salern and vietr an elevated location overlooking the port this restaurant offers splendid views of the bay from the floortoceiling windows
restaurant_166.tsv	cavallin longestablished restaurant whic pays trib to ferrar – symbol of maranell and italy across the glob – now has the added attraction of massim bottura’s creativ cuisin
restaurant_600.tsv	an authentic trattor whic is joy to visit wher tim seems to hav stood still for decades situated on the border between two provinces the restaurant focuses on specialities from parm
restaurant_92.tsv	situated within the aristocratic hotel vill laetit with its fin architectur dating from 1911 this restaurant occupies magnificent dining room adorned with stucc and columns with splendid
restaurant_628.tsv	situated the centr of the villag this popul and professionally run restaurant has an informal atmosph the cuisin is inspired by mediterranean recipes and mor regional traditions
restaurant_1173.tsv	following its reopening 2020 this seafront restaurant overlooking the beac and small harbour now offers its guests choic between its indoor dining room or the panoramic terrac fin
restaurant_1615.tsv	situated the historic centr of linguagloss one of the most picturesqu villages around etna this restaurant is part of the highly recommended hotel of the sam nam whic occupies
restaurant_1601.tsv	this historic trattor has been brought back to lif by local family with years of experienc the hospitality industry and real commitment to quality convenient priv parking an indoor
restaurant_1167.tsv	modern and welcoming contemporary bistr situated the heart of stresa’s historic centr run by an entir family the restaurant serves modern and imagin fish and meat dishes wher the
restaurant_370.tsv	this restaurant has surprising location 19c chees factory whic once produced parmesan chees althoug the purpos of the building has changed the lov of the region remains the sam
restaurant_416.tsv	situated just beyond the city’s ringroad this typical trattor boasts larg dining rooms with friendly informal atmosph the cuisin showcases the traditions of parm delicious
restaurant_1359.tsv	this rustic family restaurant the historic centr serves local specialities som of whic are mad using produc grown the family vegetabl garden the inner dining room has charming
restaurant_402.tsv	located just few metres from piazz de ferrar this restaurant offers an outdoor spac and thre dining rooms with pleasant and informal ambienc it is the quality of the cuisin that
restaurant_364.tsv	this classicstyl restaurant with recently renovated dining room is situated on the street that runs throug the villag of san nicol althoug the menu features som meat dishes on sundays
restaurant_1417.tsv	situated the town centr just stone’s throw from the port this small typical trattor is renowned for its delicious fish and seafood including an excellent antipast buffet and fresh fish
restaurant_1371.tsv	journey throug colourful inland villages brings you to this restaurant whic serves delicious sourdoug bread and homegrown vegetables its tempting dishes and wher simpl yet friendly
restaurant_1365.tsv	minimalist decor and clean lines characteris this restaurant decorated dark tones wher the two ownerchefs hav both worked various michelinstarred restaurants and others over the
restaurant_358.tsv	choos the ground floor for quick meal and the first floor for special dinner this restaurant near the cinem theatr both cases the menu focuses on traditional fish dishes from the
restaurant_1403.tsv	for over century and from generation to generation quintil has acted as junction between two beautiful regions ligur and piedmont – and not just geographical sens thes regions
restaurant_428.tsv	occupying tower hous dating from 1700 this restaurant is surrounded by typical tuscan scenery of oliv groves and vineyards as well as vegetabl gardens and farms whic produc many of the
restaurant_1373.tsv	accessed via narrow alleyway behind the beac this restaurant housed an old warehous once used for smoking cured meats and drying cilent figs boasts stonevaulted ceilings romantic
restaurant_1415.tsv	the entranc to this restaurant the galler princip napol is throug the 19c scottojonn caf chantant from wher you tak lift to the restaurant’s libertystyl dining rooms with
restaurant_1401.tsv	this restaurant is renowned the provinc of lucc thanks to the reliabl owners who hav been at the helm her the restaurant’s history goes back to the early 20c sinc 2004 with its
restaurant_1367.tsv	at this restaurant the charming historic centr of macer chef michel biagiol serves dishes inspired by rural culinary traditions with herbs gathered the fields nearby featuring
restaurant_414.tsv	talented coupl run this modern intim restaurant with wineb right the town centr fish takes prid of plac on the menu with the catc of the day announced at your tabl including
restaurant_1429.tsv	the family that run this restaurant occupying an old farmhous with origins dating back to the 16c has relationship with the region that goes back decades later years the farm becam an inn
restaurant_372.tsv	pleasant family trattor whic has been business sinc 1966 this restaurant serves simpl and authentic cuisin whic showcases the products of the aost valley as well as excellent meat
restaurant_366.tsv	situated across the water from capr this restaurant boasts one of the most beautiful views of the island from its dining room and outdoor terrac with its unmistakeabl and legendary silhouett
restaurant_400.tsv	the dining room this young dynamic restaurant is surrounded by bottles of win elabor dishes featur on the menu with antipast availabl the evening at lunchtim thes are replaced
restaurant_399.tsv	simpl informal and with slightly retr feel this restaurant serves rang of dishes from over italy including the trip whic gives the restaurant its nam unfussy and uncomplicated
restaurant_1398.tsv	the cast of starstudded names at this restaurant includes lavazz the restaurant is situated the nuvol complex wher there’s also coffe museum and one of the most famous and innov
restaurant_1617.tsv	overlooking squar of monumental beauty wher tables are laid out for alfresc dining summer regin luc is well worth visit even when it’s not fin enoug to sit outsid dining
restaurant_1171.tsv	having left its previous premises caltagiron this old acquaintanc of the michelin guid has now opened catan right the city centr between period palazz and avenues planted with
restaurant_1165.tsv	an altern eatery amid the abruzz dining options situated on the beautiful seafront promenad at sover the ide is simpl fish takes centr stag served rolls on broast and “
restaurant_158.tsv	young enthusiastic chef daniel patt is at the helm at this restaurant housed the delightful stables of restored 16c palazz her he serves selection of creativ dishes including two
restaurant_1603.tsv	situated just few kilometres from the town this restaurant stands on hill with 360° views of som of the most breathtaking vineyard scenery the are wher vines stand neat rows
restaurant_170.tsv	decorated soft colours the elegant gourmet restaurant on the first floor lift availabl serves classic regional dishes reinterpreted with contemporary flavour and hint of modernity at the
restaurant_84.tsv	the chef patron giacom caravell the short span of few years has created his “space” the are definitely becoming one of the best places milazz the contemporary interiors are truly
restaurant_616.tsv	situated oppos the vill comunal gardens this restaurant serves som of the best pizzas naples classic neapolitanstyl pizz whic is soft and so big that it spills over the plat as
restaurant_90.tsv	this modern restaurant stands on the road that heads north from the town it boasts panoramic views of the sea that can be enjoyed from the deck summer contemporary style fish dishes
restaurant_1159.tsv	small elegant restaurant the city centr decorated warm colours two priv rooms one very intim just for two peopl the other slightly larger are also availabl fish based
restaurant_602.tsv	the sumptuous entranc gives an elegant ton to larg bright dining room with well spaced out tables touc of tuscany with cuisin rich tradition and also imagination now offers new
restaurant_164.tsv	meals are served outdoors at this beac restaurant whic is also priv beac club her the cuisin focuses on imagin and personalised dishes that stand out for the excellent
restaurant_831.tsv	althoug its dining rooms are fairly small this restaurant whic acts as an ambassador for peruvian cuisin with the occasional asian influenc has an attract trendy ambienc and
restaurant_825.tsv	situated rural setting on hug agricultural property this attract restaurant is dominated by an early 20c millston the menu combines traditional italian far with regional
restaurant_1818.tsv	this small restaurant with bright and welcoming dining room stands out for its contemporarystyl cuisin based around seasonal ingredients and many homecooked dishes the two brothers at the
restaurant_1830.tsv	desp its location dominican monastery dating from 1442 also hom to boutiqu hotel this restaurant is decidedly modern and minimalist style with lightcoloured floor imposing
restaurant_47.tsv	larg wellspacedout tables arranged charming historic setting mak this restaurant for special occasions whether you’r her for romantic dinner or simply for gourmet experienc
restaurant_53.tsv	this beautiful art nouveaustyl vill is restaurant bistr and loungeb one – the ideal setting for meal whether you’r planning business lunc or romantic dinner guests will feel
restaurant_819.tsv	sustainabl complex the vegetabl garden and lot of passion are the elements that distinguish this highquality restaurant the modern building is characterized by very larg windows that
restaurant_1824.tsv	the inspectors thought was too bad its not my neighborhood would mor often historic building with classic decor and magnificent frescoed dining rooms accadem serves
restaurant_1763.tsv	this authentic rural trattor overlooking the valley and franciacort specialises regional produc and typical italian cuisin each dish on the menu lists the origin of the ingredients used
restaurant_1005.tsv	“cooking with roots” is the mantr at remulass phras that has inspired the restaurant’s nam “wild radish” the local milanes dialect this small lively restaurant gets very busy the
restaurant_986.tsv	housed within the lord byron hotel one of fort marmi’s best hotels this restaurant serves technically skilful and sophisticated cuisin whic is striking and beautifully presented the menu
restaurant_1011.tsv	this 16c vill period residenc with many intim dining rooms boasts picturepostcard setting the cuisin is typical of the venet region with dishes such as homemad past with or
restaurant_992.tsv	modern personalised dishes with something for everyon and careful balanc between meat and fish options the thre tasting menus showcas the chef’s culinary philosophy served trendy
restaurant_1777.tsv	this modern and minimaliststyl restaurant with thre small dining rooms full of character provides the backdrop for contemporarystyl cuisin whic is constantly evolving the menu includes
restaurant_762.tsv	situated amid the barbaresc hills just few kilometres from alba this restaurant boasts views of the surrounding countrysid as well as an extraordinary win cell whic can be visited on
restaurant_1039.tsv	vill aretus is pleasant 17c vill surrounded by its own garden on the outskirts of bologn at the hotel’s gourmet restaurant sott l’arc on the first floor lift availabl the skilful
restaurant_776.tsv	at this restaurant the chef’s highly creativ approac does not ignor his culinary roots resulting successful reinterpretation of local peasant traditions and topquality cuisin our
restaurant_1978.tsv	situated behind the amphitheatr right the historic centr this attract restaurant serves simpl yet topquality cuisin and is run by two former pupils of chef gianc perbellin the
restaurant_945.tsv	for mor than 40 years this refined elegant restaurant housed renaissancestyl palazz the heart of veron and embellished with beautiful works of art has been the city’s “drawing room”
restaurant_951.tsv	taking its nam from the period whic it was built the 16c this restaurant boasts modern decor whic adds light touc to the dining room with its paved floors original ceilings and
restaurant_789.tsv	this restaurant just stone’s throw from the univers gust pollenz is accessed via an old courtyard with beautifully tended garden housed the rustic setting of the former royal
restaurant_1944.tsv	occupying an art nouveaustyl palazz this small restaurant with two rooms and loft are has friendly welcoming atmosph the menu includes selection of fish and meat dishes
restaurant_979.tsv	situated the gol furl natur reserv this restaurant is run by the talented and enthusiastic albert and robert whos focus is on typical marc specialities such as fresh past cured
restaurant_1950.tsv	gianc perbellin returns to his origins this historic restaurant his nativ city wher every chef from veron and possibly beyond would lik to work the updated decor gives the
restaurant_1788.tsv	recently opened the renovated section of cors ital central savon quintogust is small contemporary and minimaliststyl restaurant occupying one sid of the former hospital her
restaurant_1207.tsv	it’s not just the affordabl prices that will keep you coming back her as the real highlight is its flavourful emilian cuisin whic has been given fresh mor modern twist among the first
restaurant_1561.tsv	at this restaurant new young and enthusiastic managers work alongsid chef with asian origins who grew up italy to offer wid selection of dishes many with an exotic flavour choos
restaurant_1575.tsv	located on the wooded sil plateau famous sinc greek times this restaurant aims to tak guests on culinary voyag throug the region from the hills overlooking the sea to the high mountain
restaurant_1213.tsv	overlooking 20c courtyard typical of the bass padan are this restaurant’s nam play on the word “osteria” refers to the thre “tre” brothers who shar the work the kitchen and front
restaurant_548.tsv	situated the historic centr of padov this restaurant is hom to ownerchef stef mocellin whos colourful creativ and personalised cuisin is influenced by his past culinary experienc
restaurant_560.tsv	situated the historic centr of one of the most romantic lakesid villages italy and offering picturepostcard view of bygon days this small building houses contemporarystyl
restaurant_206.tsv	enjoy generous regional cuisin influenced by the family’s involvement the cattl and hors farming business either the restaurant’s welcoming dining rooms or on its sunny panoramic
restaurant_212.tsv	althoug the kitchens hav been recently updated with the latest equipment and chefs tabl “salett 22” whic allows guests to admir the chefs at work san domen has retained its timeless
restaurant_1549.tsv	housed an old wood and stonebuilt mill this restaurant boasts an elegant romantic and stylish dining room with larg windows offering views of stream surrounded by greenery her the
restaurant_574.tsv	eat amid the verdant surroundings of larg beautifully kept garden planted with oliv trees and embellished with subtl lighting wooden tables and strawseated chairs the highlight her is
restaurant_1548.tsv	an oldfashioned trattor with simpl homely atmosph whic attracts guests from over the provinc who are drawn her by the classic unfussy regional cuisin althoug the menu is
restaurant_213.tsv	the friendliness and emilian genuineness of the barol brothers and of the whol team cheers break her wher you can enjoy the authentic regional cuisin parmesan cream tortellin are must
restaurant_575.tsv	situated behind acireal at the foot of mount etna national park this restaurant is located within the relais san giul deceptively uninteresting from the outsid this historic building and
restaurant_561.tsv	situated near the gran madr churc borg po this restaurant is the turin hom of the threemichelinstarred chef from vill cresp cannavacciuol her succession of small dining rooms
restaurant_207.tsv	sixty years after this restaurant was opened by his grandmother andrein erric recan continues to add his own distinct mark to the family business following the compl renovation of the
restaurant_1574.tsv	founded the 1960s by grandm giusepp the inn has today becom restaurant the management has stayed within the hands of the sam family nephews and great nephews are spread over dining
restaurant_549.tsv	castell ner the spectacul 12c residenc that is hom to this restaurant stands magical location that includes many of the attractions that mak tuscany such special plac to
restaurant_1212.tsv	situated on the first floor of beautiful building facing the renaissancestyl basil palladian this restaurant run by matte grand and elen lanz boasts an elegant contemporarystyl
restaurant_1206.tsv	just littl under 100m from the sett querc hotel and situated oppos lovely viewpoint this restaurant is housed the castle’s old stables the vaulted ceilings and old ston cre
restaurant_1560.tsv	housed the win cellars of historic palazz this restaurant is successful combination of the traditional and the modern the cuisin focuses on the fish and seafood specialities of the
restaurant_1789.tsv	the refined rooms of grand hotel royal golf the dining room with its glass wall looks lik stag overlooking the chain of mont bianc and dent gigant the gastronomic proposal is
restaurant_1951.tsv	modern win bar the centr of bressanon brixen situated the sam building as the delightful family restaurant the oste scur her small armchairs benches and stools are dotted
restaurant_1945.tsv	albert faccan the twomichelin starred chef at the magnol restaurant the hills inland from cesenat oversees the cuisin at this restaurant fish takes centr stag her unfussy
restaurant_978.tsv	facing the squar front of termin station this win barcumrestaurant is striking for its fresh and creativ approac to cuisin nearly the topquality ingredients are local and can be
restaurant_788.tsv	situated amid the maz of narrow streets the old town of pacentr and occupying the win cellars of an imposing 16c palazz this restaurant celebrates regional cuisin its glory
restaurant_950.tsv	situated the palazz wher the famous ball scen the “the leopard” by luchin viscont was filmed this restaurant serves cuisin that moves with the times featuring modern dishes mad from
restaurant_1979.tsv	run with passion by the two owners who continu the long family tradition this hotelrestaurant is one of the most picturesqu sights the val senales its beautifully kept dining room is
restaurant_944.tsv	the longestablished zur ros is gourmet restaurant that has certainly mad its mark along the romantic tyrolean win rout her chef herbert hintner serves his own version of creativ
restaurant_777.tsv	the farr family opened this inn way back 1900 when the current ownerchef renzo’s grandparents established simpl osteriastyl restaurant to provid meals for workers at the nearby
restaurant_1038.tsv	relocated via padr giacint 20 the restaurant takes its nam from its chef andre whil the phras “sapor montani” mountain flavours gives good indication of the type of cuisin served
restaurant_763.tsv	situated the certos district this modern and minimaliststyl restaurant boasts an openview kitchen wher the chefs at work also serv and explain the dishes throughout the evening the
restaurant_993.tsv	situated the city albeit not right the centr san giorg is typical genoves restaurant – elegant and classic style with excellent cuisin served by the scal family who hav been
restaurant_1010.tsv	family run restaurant vill on the edge of wood insid two refined dining rooms and small but well stocked win bar traditional cuisin
restaurant_1762.tsv	located an advantageous spot along the promenad wher ther is summer dining are this restaurant is really patronized for the quality of its food serving seafood and carlofortinian
restaurant_987.tsv	you’ll to the imposing gat of the club hous hotel at the end of dirt track whic leads from the contemporary art villag of pievasc into the surrounding cultivated hills visibil
restaurant_1004.tsv	we recommend arriving at this restaurant befor the sun goes down so that you can enjoy the spectacul sunset over the aeolian islands and the faraglion rocks this is just taster of the
restaurant_818.tsv	this restaurant boasts an outdoor terrac overlooking one of the most beautiful squares veron plus an equally attract 19cstyle room for indoor dining it serves selection of typical
restaurant_52.tsv	at this restaurant the young yet already experienced piedmontes chef who also has calabrian origins offers thre tasting menus dishes are also availabl à cart style on two of thes – “
restaurant_1825.tsv	situated secluded are of oliv groves and vineyards locand gulf also produces its own oil and win as confirmed by the view of the win cell from the dining room the cuisin features
restaurant_1831.tsv	situated delightful bressanon the historic elephant hotel occupies the oldest part of late15c building and is one of the icons of the town it’s been run by the sam family sinc 1773 and
restaurant_46.tsv	just two kilometres from the slovenian border as the crow flies this restaurant with its dual influences serves topquality cuisin rooted the gastronomic traditions of this border region
restaurant_824.tsv	this typical restaurant with ston façad has superb views of the alps on cle day agnolott past thick meat sauc and generous portions of other beautifully presented hom cooked
restaurant_1819.tsv	desp the chang of ownership at this centrally located restaurant right behind the castl and the main squar there’s certain continuity to the cuisin whic remains focused on classic
restaurant_830.tsv	you need to book at least 24hrs advanc at this restaurant by sending an email and your choic of the thre menus on offer traditional meat or fish this longestablished legendary
restaurant_603.tsv	situated one of the most magical locations of the roer region this restaurant boasts terrac with breathtaking views of the lang her giusepp derric serves dishes on series of set
restaurant_1158.tsv	the new milan restaurant of renowned chef gianc morell housed the fascinating new hotel viu the creativ gourmet dinner menu served the stylish and discreetly lit dining room is
restaurant_91.tsv	having worked michelinstarred restaurants such as miramont laltr ariann gatt has now achieved her dream of opening her own restaurant this restored old building featuring
restaurant_165.tsv	with bar or win cell located just insid the entranc followed by rustic dining hall this restaurant serves strictly valtellines cuisin outdoor servic the summer the are below
restaurant_171.tsv	the location of this restaurant is certainly uniqu offering different spaces for different parts of your meal aperitif dinner tastings etc her chef david pezz from salent blends
restaurant_617.tsv	small gem of restaurant with contemporary minimaliststyl decor the highly creativ and technically modern cuisin has the sam nordic style as the dining room influenced by the chef’s
restaurant_85.tsv	desp its simpl appearanc this restaurant on the sid of the road dates from the 17c and has been run by the sam family for the past century today the third and fourth generations work
restaurant_1164.tsv	bulwark of brescian cuisin for over century this restaurant has art nouveau style furnishings retr decor and an authentic family atmosph it serves delicious specialities such as
restaurant_1602.tsv	situated off the tourist trail charming residential district this restaurant is popul with locals from livorn who her to enjoy the fresh fish on offer – the vast selection on the
restaurant_159.tsv	run by married coupl with the wif the kitchen and the husband front of hous this gem of restaurant just few metres from the cathedral stands out for its top quality produc mainly
restaurant_1616.tsv	the magnificent setting of the exclus parkhotel laurin this restaurant is one of the best bolz boasting libertystyl dining room and treeshaded tables the garden for summer
restaurant_1170.tsv	situated right next to the fratell massucc winery with whic it shares its comfortabl outdoor spaces as well as stunning views of the surrounding hills and vineyards this restaurant is run by
restaurant_1399.tsv	etra is an anagram of the italian word “arte” – an apt nam for this restaurant whic is housed palazz dor de fornar on the beautiful and famous piazz ferrar this palazz is one of
restaurant_398.tsv	the nam “fefa” is diminut of genoveff the femal owner who founded this restaurant almost century ago today the new generation provides streamlined servic decidedly emilian cuisin
restaurant_367.tsv	the cuisin at pinchiorr is striking for its opulent and grandios style whic impresses without becoming overly fussy or excess so that the main focus every dish is the flavour of its
restaurant_401.tsv	her one can choos between smaller typically mountain style dining room with ston paving and open fireplac and larger room contemporary rustic style summer one can din on the
restaurant_415.tsv	the story of the done family is intertwined with the history of the alpin farm “malga” that was transformed into restaurant the 1950s when the parents of the current ownerchef paol
restaurant_373.tsv	if you’r not already the are on exiting the motorway driv up the val d’ayas to reac the delightful villag of brusson at an altitud of 1 300m her the typical mountainstyl dining
restaurant_1428.tsv	this small welcoming restaurant the heart of the city not far from the uffiz gallery specialises thre typical italian ingredients namely chees truffles and gam from whic it
restaurant_1400.tsv	befor it becam famous mondell the renowned charleston started out her the centr of palerm – and it has now returned to its origins occupying the former mazzar bar itself once
restaurant_1366.tsv	this bistr with small yet charming and original dining room is simpler and mor informal version of the famous starred restaurant the focus is the sam with an emphasis on italian
restaurant_1372.tsv	this charming restaurant piacenz wher tables are arranged the courtyard of the deconsecrated churc that is also hom to the galler volumn luig taglient delights guests with his
restaurant_429.tsv	decorated maritim style this restaurant is literally perched on the cliff one of its walls is actually rock the views from its upper terrac are breathtaking fish takes prid of plac
restaurant_1414.tsv	renowned for being one of the best places the region for steak cooked over barbecu grill this excellent restaurant has varied menu whic also includes few fish dishes there’s also
restaurant_472.tsv	on the first hills of lak maggior rustic and particularly panoramic building insid ther is warm relaxing and traditional atmosph the restaurant has been business sinc 1969
restaurant_1329.tsv	housed fully renovated old farm the countrysid outsid parm this gourmet restaurant serves topquality meat and fish dishes with focus on creativity rather than local traditions the
restaurant_314.tsv	this roman trattor has particularly striking interior from its old tuf passageways converted into win cell the basement to its charming dining rooms with brick vaulted arches
restaurant_300.tsv	minimalist furnishings and lighting contrast with the unusual setting of this restaurant whic occupies thousandyearold cav the centr of the sass baris district creativ dishes
restaurant_466.tsv	the two small pal wood paneled stub are the stag for gourmet cuisin with mediterranean touc and mor besides the charcoalgrilled eel is striking exampl besides being delicious
restaurant_1315.tsv	althoug vec macell has retained few unusual features on the ceiling from its former lif as meatprocessing plant such as the old pipes used to provid steam for the plant’s
restaurant_1473.tsv	situated very quiet and secluded location this restaurant is run by an enthusiastic young coupl he has inherited the family business and having gained experienc other restaurants
restaurant_328.tsv	situated the heart of algher and with beautiful verand overlooking the sea this restaurant serves delicious fish and seafood mad from topquality ingredients highlights includ the “
restaurant_1467.tsv	accurs crapar from the nearby michelinstarred accurs restaurant is the chef at the helm at radic two simpl yet elegant dining rooms he serves mor traditional and authentically
restaurant_1301.tsv	the family that runs this excellent restaurant with views of the surrounding countrysid has been doing so with passion and experienc for over century the menu her focuses on the culinary
restaurant_1498.tsv	situated right the city centr this pizzer with the sam nam and owners as the gourmet restaurant has contemporary minimalist feel plus an attract outdoor spac on the piazz among
restaurant_499.tsv	the heart of the bass parmens region this old farmhous has retained romantic reminders of bygon days the menu also has traditional feel featuring dishes such as egg tagliolin with
restaurant_116.tsv	head down to the beac along narrow street parallel to cors ital the albar district of the city to reac this restaurant wher the views from both the dining room and summer terrac
restaurant_1895.tsv	this romantic inn with guestrooms occupies an old farm with hay barn two typical stubestyl rooms one of whic offers views of the cembr valley enjoy cuisin prepared by motherandson
restaurant_670.tsv	having moved to the pedestrianised section of historic gallar radic oster contemporane has also adopted new look with loungeb ambienc that is young and trendy making it the
restaurant_664.tsv	one of cagliari’s most interesting restaurants jost boasts two small dining rooms with an original decor that combines modern design with few traditional features – the room by the entranc
restaurant_102.tsv	over the years this family restaurant has becom one of the most popul along this coastlin an informal dining room provides the backdrop for the decidedly mediterranean cuisin served her
restaurant_1881.tsv	treat yourself to dinner this elegant restaurant right on the lakefront dining summer the beautiful garden within stone’s throw of the lak the menu features imagin mediterranean
restaurant_1659.tsv	the owners of this pleasant restaurant once owned by the grandparents hav given it light modern feel married coupl welcom guests front of hous whil the wife’s brother creates
restaurant_1671.tsv	remot location the sann this authentic inn offers fin views from its wellkept dining roomcumverand and outdoor terrac the ownerchef creates dishes with regional flavour using
restaurant_1117.tsv	east meets west harmonious fusion of flavours at this restaurant whic takes its nam from the imposing gongs dotted around the modern elegant dining room the attent and thoughtful
restaurant_894.tsv	slightly set back from the bustling streets of the historic centr yet still the heart of the town this delightful small restaurant is recent addition to sassar it boasts modern elegant
restaurant_1103.tsv	an elegant restaurant run by an entir family whos philosophy could be summed up the phras “from farm to fork” fruit vegetables mutton lamb pork plus delicious breed of duck are
restaurant_880.tsv	the phras “macellar mare” translates as “fish and seafood butcher’s” referenc to the cured and seasoned fish that features on the menu her the restaurant offers an original formul
restaurant_658.tsv	popul with locals this restaurant has the typical atmosph of traditional alpin hut with its old wood furnishings and romantic corners surrounded by high mountain peaks the restaurant
restaurant_1665.tsv	the longestablished atelier is not only one of the leading restaurants domodossol it is also the first ever the val d’ossol to be awarded michelin star adding to the tourist appeal of
restaurant_1856.tsv	few kilometres from the monastery of camaldol cedr celebrates homestyl tuscan cooking whic is simpl yet full of flavour two sisters are at the helm her one the kitchen and the
restaurant_21.tsv	situated pedestrianised are the centr of asiag this small restaurant on the first floor of the hotel europ has just fiv tables and is certain to attract foodlovers thanks to its
restaurant_35.tsv	not far from the picturesqu villag of pign this familyrun hotelrestaurant has simpl classicstyl dining room wher the main focus is on the equally simpl and rustic cuisin including
restaurant_1842.tsv	this restaurant occupies larg verand decorated with an original array of tastefully arranged objects and furnishings the cuisin is both contemporary and exciting featuring few interesting
restaurant_857.tsv	this small restaurant is perfect for anyon keen on fish prepared simply with personal touc – and with the added bonus of providing good valu for money the restaurant belongs to the aic
restaurant_843.tsv	this restaurant just few kilometres from lak ise is one of the best addresses the region for local cuisin featuring fish from the lak and local meat dishes one meal her is not enoug
restaurant_1739.tsv	16c farmhous right out the countrysid with its own working farm compl with livestock vegetabl gardens and vineyards the enthusiastic family at the helm serv dishes mad from the
restaurant_704.tsv	without shadow of doubt the view of rom from this restaurant situated on the penultim floor of the splendid royalhotel has few equals from vill medic to trinit mont and st
restaurant_710.tsv	with just road separating it from the beac summer the larg windows open completely so that the dining room has the feel of an outdoor terrac this simpl restaurant is simil to the
restaurant_1705.tsv	situated within the gianfranc fin win estat this tuff building houses restaurant on its first floor with larg pictur windows that look out at the vineyards and spacious terrac offering
restaurant_738.tsv	situated the elegant relais vill margher an 18c vill converted into stylish residenc with just six guestrooms verdant grounds and swimming pool magnol occupies contemporary
restaurant_1063.tsv	this classy inn is managed by young professionals who serv seafood and traditional dishes but they also offer som interesting culinary innovations
restaurant_1077.tsv	the scent of woodsmok and the cheerful open fir that greet you at this authentic mountain inn tell you you need to know about the plac the menu features topquality seasonal ingredients
restaurant_1711.tsv	you’ll be won over by the seasonal mediterranean cuisin created by the young yet experienced chef at this restaurant accommodation is also availabl modern guestrooms plus there’s an
restaurant_1922.tsv	located well away from the busy city centr and overlooking the luxury yachts and boats moored the harbour this restaurant opened the summer of 2021 at the sam tim as the modern cal
restaurant_1088.tsv	an old carefully restored road worker’s hous on the alzai navigl paves canal is the setting for this modern stylish restaurant wher alessandr and matte welcom guests graceful
restaurant_1936.tsv	this traditional family restaurant has been recently renovated to includ an attract verand style dining room overlooking the valley typical dishes from calabr fish specialities by prior
restaurant_923.tsv	one of the most popul restaurants the historic centr of rom shiroy has just few tables so booking ahead is recommended served with courtesy and professionalism dishes includ
restaurant_937.tsv	paol and barbar hav been serving excellent cuisin san rem sinc 1987 demonstrating real passion for local ingredients and regional specialities this interest has culminated kitchen
restaurant_506.tsv	situated just few kilometres from gard on gently sloping hills planted with vineyards vill cordevig hom to the oselet restaurant is approached via superb avenu of cypress trees ther
restaurant_260.tsv	if sanbr boasts collection of michelin stars classic star for its cuisin and green star for its sustainabl approac it’s also thanks to this agriturismo’s location small larc
restaurant_274.tsv	this modern softly lit restaurant is situated the first rom hotel near piazz popol with few decorations to distract the gaz and discreet professional servic the attention her
restaurant_1249.tsv	this restaurant small villag dominated by bell tower boasts charming inner courtyard whic provides romantic setting for meal fin weather the piedmontes cuisin served her is
restaurant_512.tsv	the thre tasting menus contamin dimor ulmo and man liber served at this restaurant housed an old restored palazz with splendid summer terrac overlooking the sass featur
restaurant_1261.tsv	situated the centr of prat with views of the castell dell’imper this restaurant takes guests on culinary voyag to japan without leaving italy guests eat the sam singl menu
restaurant_1507.tsv	having mastered his culinary repert working other restaurants the chef at the elegant and minimalist tol ras creates successful reinterpretations of classic italian dishes by adding
restaurant_248.tsv	the bruzzon brothers deserv round of applaus for this restaurant and its extraordinary traditional piedmontes cuisin just two small dining rooms booking is recommended guests can
restaurant_1513.tsv	situated inland at slightly higher altitud than the coast this restaurant on two floors focuses its attention on its regional cuisin and its win list very good valu for money althoug
restaurant_1275.tsv	this restaurant situated the splendid stafler hotel on the road to austr is perfect for romantic dinner with comfortabl stubestyl dining room and an internal garden for fin weather
restaurant_1512.tsv	this complex whic also includes two junior suites and seven guestrooms dates back to the early 17c and was commissioned by the churc as stopping off point for travellers on the way to rom
restaurant_249.tsv	when you arriv at the luxury botan hotel you’ll be accompanied throug 3ha grounds of lush mediterranean vegetation to the restaurant you couldn’t hav better introduction to the cuisin
restaurant_1274.tsv	situated on the straight road skirting the seafront and the railway lin this openplan restaurant has minimalist contemporary feel with an openview kitchen to the rear her you’ll catc
restaurant_1260.tsv	this restaurant has moved from its previous location central torregrott to mor secluded setting slightly abov the town centr wher it aims to offer its guests an even better dining
restaurant_1506.tsv	this trattor is named after the famous cibre typical stew from florenc that catherin of medic was said to enjoy so much that she even attempted unsuccessfully to export it to franc it
restaurant_275.tsv	with very young team led by maicol and feder this rustic restaurant with an exposedbrick decor only opened few months ago and has already mad nam for itself thanks to its fin cuisin
restaurant_513.tsv	this beautiful restaurant with smart and elegant decor has the feel of stylish frenc bistr with small librarystyl dining room displaying books on cookery and other subjects chef oliver
restaurant_1248.tsv	situated the centr of the small villag of varen just outsid the mor famous cavales this romantic and intim restaurant with modern comforts and mountain ambienc is hom to
restaurant_507.tsv	this is the gourmet restaurant at the hotel of the sam nam one of the most luxurious the val garden the elegant contemporary dining room has an almost minimalist feel with softly lit
restaurant_261.tsv	the young stef zanin with plenty of experienc italy and further afield has injected new lif into this old trattor situated right front of the marin the historic heart of
restaurant_936.tsv	for mor than 30 years this restaurant run by the prot brothers has been popul choic for visitors to the beautiful atran valley simpl cuisin served simpl and informal setting
restaurant_922.tsv	with just ten seats and an openview kitchen this restaurant literally reduces the spac between chef vincenz guarin and his guests order to guarante an interact dining experienc ther
restaurant_1089.tsv	this delightful restaurant on the 10th floor of the grand hotel bristol occupies roof garden with breathtaking views of the promontory of portofin dishes from over italy featur on the
restaurant_1937.tsv	situated the heart of small town surrounded by ric fields this restaurant has charming and personalised feel the cuisin is often but not always based around fish whic is showcased
restaurant_1923.tsv	multifunction open spac with bar for breakfasts and classic restaurant serving pizzas mad from naturally fermented doug althoug the ambienc is modern friendly and minimalist the
restaurant_1076.tsv	new restaurant urbino’s beautiful old town wher the designerstyl decor blends harmoniously with the historic architectur the modern contemporarystyl cuisin finds inspiration
restaurant_1710.tsv	situated near the seafront one of pescara’s iconic streets nol offers guests two different dining options the barbistr section serves excellent breakfasts light lunches and snacks closed
restaurant_1704.tsv	overlooking the piazz for almost 50 years this restaurant has been modernised but has nonetheless managed to retain its friendly no frills appeal the walls are decorated with paintings by
restaurant_1062.tsv	from the entranc to the cap gal hotel you head down to the seafront to this restaurant wher long terrac overlooks the rocks – if you’r looking for romantic plac to eat this is one
restaurant_739.tsv	following renovation work the frescoed dining room at this restaurant now has the feel of contemporary oster whil its attract terrac boasts tables overlooking the picturesqu village’s
restaurant_711.tsv	allow good halfhour to get to this small restaurant with simpl ambienc and an airy terrac whic is perfect the heat of summer the cuisin has its roots local traditions – its first
restaurant_1738.tsv	this former 18c mill located the centr of tiny medieval district on the outskirts of ulivet term boasts warm elegant ambienc full of character expertly run by the sam family for
restaurant_705.tsv	rustic restaurant with contemporary mediterraneanstyl decor surrounded by the greenery of the sann region whic can be admired throug the larg windows modern cuisin mad from locally
restaurant_842.tsv	win barcumoster with warm rustic decor and menu offering fish and meat dishes including specialities such as fried scamp squid crayfish and vegetables seasoned with oliv oil
restaurant_856.tsv	young informal and friendly owners fab and val welcom guests to the restaurant offaneng just few kilometres from crem good choic for anyon keen to sampl moderately creativ
restaurant_34.tsv	althoug the homemad breadsticks and preserves availabl for purchas at this longestablished restaurant should not be missed campiello’s highlights are its fish and win – the fish served
restaurant_1843.tsv	situated within the natural oasis of fenilett this estat includes garden with trees farmyard with chickens stables for horses an organic vegetabl garden and an orchard recently given
restaurant_1857.tsv	located not far from the town centr this restaurant offers friendly professional servic and thre tasting menus including the particularly appealing 8cours “la ver esperit musciora” the
restaurant_20.tsv	regionally based cuisin with the occasional hint of creativity and good choic of à cart dishes are the highlights at this friendly restaurant on the outskirts of parm an authentic
restaurant_659.tsv	situated right the heart of bresc this new 40 restaurant with geothermic heating and technologically controlled energy serves contemporarystyl cuisin modern bistr with “win
restaurant_881.tsv	small yet very comfortabl dining room with larg windows and just few tables provides the setting for modern creativ cuisin prepared by young and ambitious chef locally sourced
restaurant_1102.tsv	this historic florentin trattor now has slightly new look with the openview kitchen visibl as soon as you enter the restaurant the friendly and welcoming ambienc her makes it popul
restaurant_1664.tsv	located on the outskirts of forlì’s charming historic centr this simpl modern yet attract restaurant serves eclectic and varied cuisin mor traditional far on offer includes an excellent
restaurant_1670.tsv	enjoying an attract location the nautilus marin overlooking the tiber and the boats moored along it this restaurant decorated modern minimalist style represents childhood dream
restaurant_895.tsv	contemporary cooking with an emphasis on mediterranean far tun with the seasons is to the for this elegant restaurant occupying 20c building with an attract verand to the rear fish
restaurant_1116.tsv	at the town gates friendly inn with family atmosph fin building with pleasant verand fish dishes prevail on the menu featuring an interesting selection of oysters at midday
restaurant_665.tsv	serving signatur cuisin amic is one of the leading restaurants friulivenez giul border region of divers cultural influences that is teeming with topquality ingredients many
restaurant_1658.tsv	occupying the premises of historic local laundry along the city “moat” this authentic trattor has friendly convivial ambienc the menu showcases local dishes to the full including
restaurant_1880.tsv	an annex to the family farm with its organic apple orchards this rustic welcoming restaurant situated on the road leading up towards mont bald has been business sinc 1984 desp its
restaurant_103.tsv	town renowned for its splendid villas built by the palerm aristocracy this restaurant occupies small 16c tower on the edge of the historic centr the nam is trib to lemon fruit
restaurant_1894.tsv	typical restaurant the provinc of bresc not far from lak gard vill auror serves italian cuisin with an equal focus on meat and fish dishes as well as few traditional specialities
restaurant_117.tsv	central elegant and modern the cuisin of acaj winds along two lines the traditional regional one with raviol plin card gobb piedmont veal and hazelnuts to mention just few that
restaurant_671.tsv	located just few metres from the enchanting seafront at marcian this restaurant is one of the island’s gastronomic gems offering menu that features interesting combinations of beautifully
restaurant_498.tsv	looking out over the calm blu water this classic restaurant serves traditional cuisin with the occasional imagin twist fish from the lak featur on the menu as do meat and seafood
restaurant_1499.tsv	florence’s cosmopolitan credentials receiv boost with karim lopez and takahik kondo’s cuisin served this modern lively restaurant that bears the nam of theatrical chef massim bottur
restaurant_1466.tsv	situated panoramic location few kilometres outsid bressanon this simpl yet modern restaurant serves regional classically prepared cuisin with an equally simpl contemporary feel plus
restaurant_1300.tsv	moi is small yet decidedly smart restaurant whic stands out for its quality the fleming district northwest rom with years of culinary experienc behind him thomas uses modern
restaurant_1314.tsv	situated the district wher enni flai and gabriel dannunz once lived this excellent trattor has been business now for over 40 years desp changing hands 2020 the restaurant
restaurant_329.tsv	situated the elegant setting of the nun hotel on the edge of assisi’s historic centr benedikt serves typical umbrian ingredients whic are transformed into creativ and imagin dishes by
restaurant_1472.tsv	housed the 15c cas cipoll with romantic terrac for summer dining kist is treasur trov of gourmet sicilian cuisin prepared contemporary style
restaurant_301.tsv	situated outsid the town on top of small hill this elegant restaurant serves modern country cuisin with som personal interpretations
restaurant_467.tsv	this charming restaurant’s nam comes from the latin and refers to the small grott carved out of the tuf rock the courtyard whic is hom to just few tables the restaurant is run by
restaurant_1328.tsv	at the end of the long uphill road throug the woods ther is terr magical plac fairytal landscap wher you can enjoy romantic and refined atmosph combining the tradition of
restaurant_473.tsv	with new location right on the beac merl boasts welcoming dining room decorated elegant contemporary style fish dishes tak prid of plac on the menu althoug meat options are
restaurant_315.tsv	this interior of this trattor occupying an anonymous rural building at road junction just outsid the villag comes as something of surpris insid the dining room has warm ambienc
restaurant_465.tsv	housed insid the mil vertical esperit hotel the cors com district of the city this new restaurant is run by enric bartolin the chef with the most michelin stars to his nam
restaurant_1458.tsv	this restaurant decorated with modern furnishings the attention is drawn to the pictur windows offering fin views of the morr hills and the surrounding countrysid her the cuisin
restaurant_303.tsv	the small fairly ordinary villag of ghirland the heart of the collin metallif is hom to an unexpectedly elegant restaurant wher chef francesc creates highly original and personalised
restaurant_317.tsv	this restaurant run by an enthusiastic and friendly family now joined by the fourth generation has been serving traditional piedmontes cuisin sinc 1919 the outdoor dining spac is
restaurant_471.tsv	situated the enchanting val with its castles and apple orchards this restaurant housed 19c building has been run by the sam family sinc 1933 it serves excellent cuisin that
restaurant_459.tsv	this new address with cocktail bar and bistr nobless the centr of historic vignol is also hom to gourmet restaurant oblig wher chef angel serves easily identifiabl yet
restaurant_1302.tsv	this restaurant with modern elegant dining room whic an entir wall is taken up by the openview kitchen serves varied cuisin addition to mor elabor dishes there’s also choic
restaurant_1464.tsv	“clean” almost naiv dishes full of cle and defined flavours tak centrestag at incàlm wher the cuisin is distinctly unfussy with no unnecessary frills as result ingredients are
restaurant_1470.tsv	situated the restored premises of the historic el toul restaurant alajm cortin is hom to bar on the ground floor with the restaurant occupying the two upper floors no lift althoug
restaurant_1316.tsv	this restaurant with views of trent and the adig valley is hom to chef edoard fumagall who puts his energy and creativity into thre tasting menus one of whic has been designed to
restaurant_101.tsv	nestled amid charming landscap of oliv groves this restaurant is not particularly easy to find so mak sur that you use satnav or ask for directions when booking simpl
restaurant_1882.tsv	bastion of regional cuisin housed an attract group of buildings with larg outdoor summer dining are shaded by pergol and charming dining room with retr feel traditional
restaurant_667.tsv	situated small alleyway tranquil spot abov the historic centr of malcesin this restaurant opens on to surprising garden planted with oliv trees and boasting fin views of much of
restaurant_1128.tsv	this glass and steel cub the middl of the garden of the former grand hotel dobbiac has been hom to the til restaurant sinc 2010 and is now mor intim than ever with just fiv
restaurant_673.tsv	situated the beautiful piazz overlooked by the old churc of san fred cestell this restaurant serves fish specialities atmospheric rooms decorated rang of styles cestell
restaurant_115.tsv	on the road to misurin lak this friendly restaurant with modern alpin style offers dishes of the regional tradition with imagin touches and modern techniqu so great deal of
restaurant_1896.tsv	situated on the outskirts of padov this classically elegant restaurant is very popul with locals – and for good reason the menu includes skilfully prepared dishes influenced by the traditions
restaurant_1666.tsv	after arriving at this restaurant and being greeted by the chef’s son luc you can spend tim the lakesid garden befor heading into its elegant dining rooms the first of thes known as the
restaurant_1100.tsv	althoug it’s not obvious from the exterior once you’v crossed the threshold of the vilòn hotel you step into succession of highly decorated rooms that are full of charm the cuisin is of the
restaurant_883.tsv	young coupl opened this attract restaurant next to the ferry dock som years ago the larg windows offer romantic views of the lak whil the distinctly modern cuisin focuses on meat and
restaurant_1114.tsv	desp its simpl nofrills atmosph consorz serves som of the most interesting and acclaimed piedmontes cuisin the city specialities includ raviol with either tumin mel chees
restaurant_897.tsv	situated the hills outsid asti this modern inn with guestrooms is nestled around 18 hectares of woodland and meadows the interior decor her is contemporary and minimalist whil the
restaurant_129.tsv	pleasant littl restaurant that differs from the many fish options town with its traditional regional meatbased cuisin there’s real alchemy her between the young owner who is passion
restaurant_1672.tsv	situated the famous elephant hotel with whic it shares nam this restaurant has uniqu historic ambienc thanks to its decor of antiqu wood panelling the cuisin her is regional
restaurant_1699.tsv	an unexpected surpris the heart of the lowlands this charming farmhous situated open countrysid claud prepares topquality almost exclusively fish and seafood cuisin with
restaurant_1841.tsv	at this restaurant the historic centr wher the vaulted brick ceiling provides striking contrast with the modern furnishings the chef celebrates the seasons throug whol rang of
restaurant_36.tsv	with 60 years of history behind it emil can definitely be described as leading light on the region’s restaurant scen the restaurant is renowned for its excellent fish whic is usually
restaurant_22.tsv	sin serves contemporary cuisin influenced by the chef’s nativ naples as well as the local region of lombardy the dishes are occasionally playful style as demonstrated by the shrimp
restaurant_868.tsv	situated town famous for its thermal baths this classically elegant restaurant serves meat and fish cuisin including specialities from the venet such as beric ham bigol past with
restaurant_1855.tsv	the famous talented chef antonin cannavacciuol has opened one of his laqu resorts lesserknown part of tuscany that boasts charming verdant landscapes the resort occupies part of the
restaurant_698.tsv	this charming restaurant right the town centr boasts colourful decor and lively relaxed atmosph fish and seafood from the nearby mediterranean are served imagin dishes full of
restaurant_840.tsv	simpl and aust the rightfully earned fam of this restaurant is due to the searc for the best regional but not only products real passion of the owner who lik an archangel will guid
restaurant_854.tsv	if you enjoy calabrian cuisin and you want to keep to budget then dong is the plac for you the menu her offers good selection of regional specialities full of intens and
restaurant_1869.tsv	having gained valuabl experienc elsewh the scapecc brothers are now back arezz wher the restaurant offers views of the river arno from its beautiful and softly lit dining room
restaurant_713.tsv	named after the village’s former postman an important and charismatic character this small community this former workers’ club is housed rustic restaurant with beautiful porc wher
restaurant_1048.tsv	restaurant with friendly ambienc and chic colourful decor and design that includes an openview kitchen the latter the young talented chef uses seasonal ingredients to cre
restaurant_707.tsv	althoug the original chef has now left the cuisin remains unchanged with concis menu of regional specialities and focus on meat dishes poultry takes prid of plac on the menu
restaurant_1712.tsv	relaxing oasis the city centr whic offers friendly servic from staff who obviously want to ensur that your experienc her is memorabl the dishes served are carefully prepared and full
restaurant_1074.tsv	summer the outdoor spaces at this restaurant such as the garden gazeb are the perfect setting for candlelit dinner total harmony with natur whil winter the elegant dining room
restaurant_1060.tsv	it would be no exaggeration to say that this restaurant part of the vill cimbron hotel is situated one of the most romantic and exclus spots italy surrounded by luxuriant
restaurant_1706.tsv	occupying superb 17c castl this restaurant has two dining rooms one is decorated with works by local artists whic chang throughout the year whil the other mor romantic feel is
restaurant_1935.tsv	this small but beautifully kept restaurant set back from the lakesid serves contemporarystyl cuisin that includes good balanc of meat and fish recipes mad from topquality seasonal
restaurant_908.tsv	situated slightly away from the city’s main shopping district this restaurant has fresh and trendy feel with music playing the background and friendly efficient servic the dining room
restaurant_1921.tsv	situated the centr of santag this welcoming informal restaurant boasts traditional ceramics and an openview kitchen when ordering your meal mak sur you ask the charismatic owner
restaurant_1909.tsv	luxurious guesthous belonging to the famous sicilian winery planet and surrounded by beautiful vineyards is the setting for this restaurant serving topquality sicilian cuisin homegrown
restaurant_934.tsv	cosylittl restaurant at the beginning of the lakefront mainly seafood dishes thoug the winter ther is also gam rustic atmosph
restaurant_920.tsv	named after edoard salin the chef to the hous of savoy this vill from the mid1800s features several rooms embellished with frescoed ceilings the bold ownerchef her has completely
restaurant_511.tsv	this restaurant focuses on skilful and creativ reinterpretation of campanian specialities serving the type of cuisin that you’d be happy to eat every day althoug the dishes are inspired by
restaurant_277.tsv	this attract restaurant boasts beautiful location the charming borg prin row of houses facing the sea and painted the pastel shades typical of the region liguria’s legendary mild
restaurant_263.tsv	at this restaurant choos between thre tables the elegant contemporarystyl purpl stub and another thre the mor rustic historic and romantic stub wherever you choos to sit you’
restaurant_1538.tsv	an attract restaurant situated on the western slopes of mont bald overlooking lak gard with number of rustic yet elegant and welcoming dining rooms including bright verand with
restaurant_505.tsv	with just few tables small room crowned by typical vaulted ceiling lecc ston this candlelit restaurant is hom to young chef solaik marrocc who was born 1995 nearby
restaurant_1276.tsv	mirrors and fabrics add to the luxurious atmosph the dining room at this restaurant but it is the outdoor terrac open between may and october with its 180° views of the lagoon and
restaurant_1510.tsv	enjoy beautiful views of lak trasimen from the outdoor terrac of this restaurant wher the menu focuses mainly on fish alongsid original ingredients such as beans and umbrian truffles whic
restaurant_1504.tsv	this restaurant with simpl dining room and openview kitchen serves som of the most interesting fish cuisin the vittor district chef feder delmont skilfully searches out “poor
restaurant_1262.tsv	when you mak reservation at this restaurant you’r invited to choos between two tasting menus whic are described inspirational terms rather than detail the surpris continues at your
restaurant_539.tsv	the heart of small town right oppos the churc this typical villag oster run by friendly family serves traditional cuisin from the piedmont including goos dishes highlights her
restaurant_1289.tsv	enjoy friendly welcom and excellent food this restaurant that only serves meat dishes the focus is on mountain specialities from emil as well as truffles season din alfresc on the
restaurant_288.tsv	situated on margher at an altitud of 2 550m and accessibl winter via cabl car from the san pellegrin pass moen this new ski bar bears the nam of alfi ghezz the
restaurant_289.tsv	maritim focused oasis city wher the traditional specialities revolv around meat this restaurant serves fish dishes with various options ranging from raw fish to antipast pleasant
restaurant_1288.tsv	borg spoltin occupies 19c farmhous amid hills and oliv groves with views of the sea and mountains as backdrop this is the perfect setting whic to enjoy typical abruzz cuisin most
restaurant_1505.tsv	the classic and timelessly elegant marin restaurant has been bastion for fish and seafood enthusiasts for decades the menu features classic italian specialities alongsid mor creativ
restaurant_538.tsv	the dining room ther are old photos and equipment from country lif from the terrac the entir valley among widespread grasslands and oliv trees enjoy fresh produc and hom cooked local
restaurant_1263.tsv	whil you’r trying to decid between the tasting menu and the à cart at this restaurant you can tuck into its excellent bread including the “sfincione” – type of tomatoflavoured focacc
restaurant_1277.tsv	professional servic welcoming modern restaurant run by young coupl he works the kitchen whil she having also worked as chef the past runs the front of hous delicious
restaurant_1511.tsv	an interesting location the artisticcultural setting of the frigorifer milanes industrial complex for this restaurant with modern feel both its decor and its market cuisin
restaurant_1539.tsv	occupying new premises the relais mirabell clusan d’ise this restaurant now boasts beautiful panoramic location fish specialities tak prid of plac on the menu her including an
restaurant_262.tsv	bulwark of traditional local cuisin this trattor serves antipast such as erbazzon savoury pie fried gnocc and cured ham followed by fresh past the cappellett broth are
restaurant_504.tsv	pleasant and colourful restaurant the villag centr divided into several dining rooms the ownerchef prepares rang of eclectic dishes with passion and enthusiasm offering menu whic
restaurant_510.tsv	this longestablished familyrun restaurant opened 1926 with an updated contemporary decor continues to serv cuisin that is classic and generous style yet adapted to modern tastes
restaurant_276.tsv	this restaurant is situated an alleyway the historic centr of aost full of character and accessed via staircas from the entranc hall the dining room is housed what wer probably
restaurant_921.tsv	this restaurant offers thre tasting menus stil liber tradizion territor and quint quart the latter featuring various types of offal whic the chef transforms into creativ dishes
restaurant_1908.tsv	situated on the edge of the leocorn contrad district just stone’s throw from the piazz camp this restaurant with medieval origins has recently renovated designerstyl dining room
restaurant_935.tsv	situated small town just few kilometres from the capital this restaurant run by two young food enthusiasts serves regional dishes with modern touc such as cuttlefish with asparagus and
restaurant_1920.tsv	just stone’s throw from the sass historic quarter this modern contemporary style restaurant serves creativ cuisin prepared by young chef who already has plenty of experienc under his
restaurant_1934.tsv	set back slightly from the port this restaurant boasts stunning views from its terrac whic is highly recommended fin weather the culinary focus her is on modern dishes with an interesting
restaurant_909.tsv	enjoy excellent reinterpretations of emilian classics this larg 18c farmhous it is lit with modern designer style chandeliers and warmed by larg fireplac the thre splendid guestrooms
restaurant_1061.tsv	guests who mak it to this restaurant situated som 60km from rom on road with plenty of winding bends show real commitment probably becaus they’v heard of the culinary delicacies that
restaurant_1707.tsv	situated within the vill abbondanz luxury hotel this restaurant is surrounded by larg park hom to flock of flamingos fenicotter is the italian for flaming stylish and elegant dining
restaurant_1713.tsv	desp its rural setting inland this restaurant is still situated within the cap rizz mar ion protected marin reserv whic helps to explain the focus on fish and seafood dishes
restaurant_1075.tsv	this modern restaurant open from 7am to 11pm once the family butcher’s also acts as delicatessen and win boutiqu full restaurant servic the evening with simpler dishes and mor
restaurant_706.tsv	enjoy creativ cuisin mad from excellent locally sourced produc this attract restaurant it is decorated the sam whit colours and modern style as the hotel
restaurant_1049.tsv	situated away from the main road and the main shopping centr the fabulous calandr is run by the alajm family the soft lighting even during the day perfectly complements the decor the
restaurant_712.tsv	sauris is situated slightly secluded location whic adds to its appeal occupying beautiful 17c hous near charming littl lak and picturesqu mountain villag this restaurant has been
restaurant_855.tsv	standardbearer for local cuisin this restaurant housed the 17c palazz de probizer the town centr offers an outdoor are for alfresc dining fin weather althoug the restaurant
restaurant_1868.tsv	flurin occupies an old medieval tower glorenz small hamlet the val venost whic is surrounded by walls that also dat back to the middl ages furnished modern style that contrasts
restaurant_841.tsv	situated on panoramic terrac with views of the sunsets over baj sardin stone’s throw from the cost smerald this restaurant serves creativ cuisin with focus on local and italian
restaurant_699.tsv	althoug many brilliant “anna’s” hav cooked this familyrun restaurant over the years for the past ten years ther has been superb mal chef – reimund brunner – at the helm the romantic
restaurant_869.tsv	it’s worth pointing out from the outset that the dishes served at this restaurant on the slopes of vesuvius are far cry from the classic traditional cuisin of campan her young chef
restaurant_23.tsv	whether you din indoors the charming romantic dining room or outdoors with views of the surrounding countrysid you’ll enjoy traditional local cuisin and classic italian favourites at this
restaurant_1854.tsv	this young attract and friendly restaurant brings the maritim influences of romagn to bologn upholding its traditions of fresh fish dishes whic are simpl yet full of flavour “fritt
restaurant_1840.tsv	situated next to the ruins of the old castl and the small churc of san michel this 13c building thought to hav once housed guardroom is now hom to small restaurant serving regional
restaurant_1698.tsv	situated on the road that crosses the archaeological park this smart and elegant restaurant boasts two dining rooms arranged on two floors the kitchen young chef with plenty of previous
restaurant_37.tsv	situated at the old port the sam building and on the sam floor as eataly this restaurant is simpl style so that nothing detracts from the view throug its floortoceiling windows the
restaurant_896.tsv	once the town hall of follin this building dating from 1704 is now hom to restaurant run by two brothers who serv delicious regional and seasonal cuisin her winter don’t miss the
restaurant_1115.tsv	once farm this trattor has an attract rustic feel with colourful decor the dining room and stunning panoramic views from the outdoor terrac summer hous specialities includ
restaurant_1673.tsv	coming off the street that dissects the villag you head down almost as far as the lakeshor to this restaurant situated the luxury seren hotel an elegant and brandnew property designed
restaurant_128.tsv	situated the charming centr of sulmon clement has for many years offered guests simpl welcoming ambienc the restored stables of palazz dating from the early 19c the menu has an
restaurant_1667.tsv	this elegant restaurant has been run by the sam family for years and has history dating back over two centuries it serves regional yet creativ cuisin and has distinctly middl european
restaurant_882.tsv	this simpl and informal inn is the perfect setting whic to get together with friends sitting around small tables laden with piadin flatbreads and slices of ham and salam there’s also
restaurant_1101.tsv	situated the porticciol hotel this restaurant will appeal to anyon who enjoys lakesid setting leav your car the car park then tak the lift down to the dining room with its
restaurant_672.tsv	don’t be fooled by the simpl decor and unfussy ambienc at this restaurant – the trattor lanzagall is one of the best places the provinc for topquality fish served delicious generous
restaurant_1129.tsv	this elegant yet informal bistr style restaurant is the town centr it is the ideal plac to sampl excellent cuisin mad largely from local produc from the maremm you are sur to
restaurant_1897.tsv	typical roman dishes mad from carefully selected ingredients grac the menu of this restaurant whic is housed grain storehous that once belonged to the neighbouring papal stat larg
restaurant_114.tsv	althoug this restaurant has been business sinc the 1950s it feels much mor modern thanks to its updated appearanc renowned for its excellent regional cuisin served the evening the
restaurant_1883.tsv	the aptly named terrazz is delightful open air restaurant overlooking asolo’s historic centr an elegant fashionabl ambienc enjoy innov delicacies that nonetheless mak full use
restaurant_100.tsv	both the building whic it is housed and the dining room of this restaurant are on the small sid but the quality of the food mor than compensates for the lack of spac run by young and
restaurant_666.tsv	shelves stacked with win bottles lin the walls at this smart bistrostyl restaurant whic also boasts quiet outdoor spac for summer dining the cuisin is contemporary and creativ and is
restaurant_1471.tsv	business sinc 1887 this restaurant with warm traditional decor is situated the town famous for bue grass “fat ox” whic you’ll find on the menu her from november to easter enjoy
restaurant_1317.tsv	enjoy attent servic from the femal owner this small modern restaurant wher the cuisin will definitely mak an impression focused mainly on fish the dishes served her are striking for
restaurant_1303.tsv	simpl family run restaurant with friendly welcoming ambienc housed historic palazz behind the squar with the famous chessboard the restaurant boasts an old beamed ceiling just
restaurant_458.tsv	situated the hills overlooking the town this restaurant occupies an old hous that is also hom to the estate’s win cellars charming setting and cuisin full of flavour with the option of
restaurant_1465.tsv	this old farmhous the groan regional park has never lost its warm family atmosph the interior is spacious and attract and the menus are based on traditional and national specialities
restaurant_316.tsv	desp its lack of awards this restaurant stands out for the quality of its cuisin situated the town centr it has small intim dining room with just few tables it’s best to book
restaurant_470.tsv	the hotel owner is also the chef serving carefully prepared and well presented dishes mad from regional produc quiet stub style dining room an interesting win list provides the
restaurant_464.tsv	althoug this restaurant with woodadorned dining rooms has the rustic and romantic ambienc of an old alpin hut the nam “tubladel” is the ladin for hay barn it is actually situated just
restaurant_302.tsv	dining options at this restaurant includ an attract outdoor terrac with views of the surrounding are summer and friendly bistrostyl dining room we particularly enjoyed the linguin
restaurant_1459.tsv	althoug travellers may know vill san giovann for its ferry port to sicily fans of gourmet cuisin are famil with the port as the hom of the “vecc porto” one of the best restaurants
restaurant_1461.tsv	this tuscanstyl bistr next to santambrog market is simpl both its decor and cuisin offering menu whic features few regional dishes alongsid imagin italianthemed options
restaurant_1307.tsv	the first thing you see when you enter this restaurant near the central railway station is its larg display of fresh fish delivered daily the menu features selection of classic and
restaurant_448.tsv	within the confines of the small charming verb hotel on the beautiful island of pescator chef marc sacc serves topquality cuisin what can only be described as stunning setting the
restaurant_1313.tsv	occupying the ground floor of the historic palazz prosdocim delightful arcaded alleyway padova’s pedestrianised centr this charming restaurant has warm and romantic atmosph thanks
restaurant_1475.tsv	this restaurant the nam indin means “nowhere” old carnian dialect is run by an enthusiastic femal ownerchef who left her former job to realis her dream namely to cre personalised
restaurant_306.tsv	situated on crotone’s seafront ercol is culinary institution for anyon who loves fish with the benefit of 40 years the business behind it the salty tang of the ionian sea is
restaurant_460.tsv	hidden the picturesqu centr of anghiar famous for the battl with whic it shares nam alighier serves delicious cuisin prepared by chef silv highlights includ bringol an
restaurant_474.tsv	this fin restaurant immediately puts you at your eas thanks to very jovial and friendly atmosph the lit fireplac wood furnitur with stylish linen runners and background music mak for
restaurant_1449.tsv	situated panoramic location surrounded by beautiful rolling hills this restaurant occupies an old 17c monastery whic has been converted into one of the region’s most elegant and exclus
restaurant_312.tsv	gatt verd is situated within the walls of the cas mar luig the welcoming country hous run by massim bottur and his wif laur gilmor whic is popul with cosmopolitan clientel
restaurant_886.tsv	enjoy excellent fish and seafood cuisin this modern restaurant with thre floors including beautiful terrac for cocktails and an outdoor are on the top floor for aperitifs the small win
restaurant_1105.tsv	this restaurant offers mediterranean dishes prepared mostly with organic produc from the restaurant’s own garden din romantic setting overlooking the blu expans of the mediterranean sea
restaurant_138.tsv	the pedestrian are of the town with views of the sil river from the ground floor this attract restaurant serves regional cuisin with focus on local ingredients prepared classic
restaurant_1663.tsv	surrounded by the property’s own vineyards this restaurant nestlings at the bottom of gentl hill features an elegant dining room and beautiful terrac for outdoor dining fin weather the
restaurant_1677.tsv	outdoor servic the summer on the terrac with an exceptional view of the lak original furnishings and extremely well kept rooms menu including lak specialities the rooms are simpl
restaurant_892.tsv	fans of neapolitan pizz will be the element at this restaurant wher the pizzas are light with larger and softer crust thanks to the long fermentation and leavening process – som
restaurant_1111.tsv	situated the heart of milan this restaurant owned by the historic aim nad via montecuccol is accessed via its barcumpastry shop whic includes bistr serving selection of
restaurant_1139.tsv	this country restaurant owes its welcoming atmosph to the special attentions of the family management the menus are based on traditional recipes that do full justic to the local produc
restaurant_662.tsv	caravella’s history is intricately linked to that of gastronomic tourism on the amalf coast so much so that it’s impossibl to mention the famous personalities who hav dined her and
restaurant_1887.tsv	situated tranquil and secluded location this restaurant occupies an early19c stubestyl dining room the biohotel hermitag decorated with profusion of wood and hom to just few
restaurant_104.tsv	althoug from the outsid this looks lik simpl priv beac club with views of the sea the distanc the interior reveals an unexpected and hushed eleganc guests flock to guido’s for its
restaurant_1893.tsv	lift takes guests up to the roof garden of this restaurant housed the princip fort marm hotel wher terrac provides the perfect setting for an aperitif with its enchanting views of
restaurant_110.tsv	warm colours such as teal and ochre giv this restaurant cosy and welcoming ambienc the cuisin her is authentic and traditional style with dishes based on topquality local ingredients
restaurant_676.tsv	the nam of this restaurant occupying late18c palazz with attract flooring and mur glass chandeliers alludes to the peasant traditions that influenc its cuisin miser and the
restaurant_845.tsv	year after year the young enthusiastic leal brothers demonstr the ability to run topquality restaurant the cas elegantly housed restored 15c farmhous has becom renowned
restaurant_1878.tsv	this beautiful stubestyl restaurant the city centr has existed sinc the council of trent with succession of chefs and owners serving food her ever sinc the 16c still run with skill
restaurant_689.tsv	different options under one roof bar open from morning to evening win bar the cell serving cold dishes and offering win tastings and restaurant serving light quick options at
restaurant_851.tsv	practically on the slopes of gran sass with views of the verdant landscapes of the abruzz this restaurant is hom to local chef who has returned to his roots having spent tim away gaining
restaurant_33.tsv	situated near the lak at the entranc to narrow street dotted with various shops this small contemporarystyl restaurant boasts an equally tiny outdoor spac for summer dining and is run with
restaurant_879.tsv	occupying an attract farmhous dating back to the 16c this restaurant boasts an interesting combination of antiqu eleganc and modern style the cuisin is equally impress offering
restaurant_1844.tsv	good selection of fresh and raw fish dishes served welcoming vaguely bistrostyl restaurant with young and competent staff parking can be difficult but your patienc is definitely
restaurant_1688.tsv	using local ingredients this restaurant offers regional cuisin with som creativ touches pretty and inviting rooms tastefully decorated and with period furnitur overlooking the valley
restaurant_1850.tsv	situated district of caraman this typical ston hous is hom to an attract restaurant that is the perfect choic for anyon keen on typical abruzz specialities prepared from
restaurant_27.tsv	situated on the main road overlooking the lak this pleasant familyrun restaurant serves excellent traditional cuisin with focus on local fish atmospheric dining room with ston walls and
restaurant_1071.tsv	two of the thre dining rooms at this restaurant overlook charming squar with an elm tre and 17c churc after two decades of hard painstaking work on his own combined with years of
restaurant_8.tsv	you can really sens the history of naples this pizzer whic was founded 1870 and boasts lively convivial atmosph – if you sit alon you’r sur to find yourself sharing travellers
restaurant_1717.tsv	horsedrawn carriages once entered the old courtyard of the st regis hotel now converted into an elegant winter garden whic also includes cocktail bar with sofas and armchairs seasonality and
restaurant_1703.tsv	housed the vill fiorell art hotel this restaurant boasts stunningly located terrac with spectacul views of the bay of naples and its islands the cuisin pays trib to campan and
restaurant_1065.tsv	the cuisin served at is imagin both its presentation and its ingredients whic are combined light original and healthy the best sens of the word dishes the focus her is
restaurant_716.tsv	situated within the 18c cantù monastery now also hom to museum and library this modern restaurant with friendly ambienc its dining rooms and win cell also boasts an attract
restaurant_702.tsv	small villag just few kilometres from udin provides the backdrop for modern regionally influenced cuisin with plenty of character the renovated dining rooms hav two distinct styles the
restaurant_1059.tsv	rustic restaurant offering an authentic tast of the cilent are both its setting amid lush mediterranean vegetation and its regional cuisin fish and seafood domin the antipast
restaurant_931.tsv	situated on the ground floor of the splendid banc napol building that is also hom to the galler dital museum this restaurant also includes bar and pasticcer the varied restaurant
restaurant_1918.tsv	separated from street the centr of salern by an inner courtyard this restaurant is peaceful oasis with comfortabl chairs arranged on modern and stylish verand whic opens almost
restaurant_925.tsv	district surrounded by greenery just outsid feltr gianluc campigotto’s cuisin becomes mor and mor interesting with each passing year the small menu focuses on fish and seafood
restaurant_1930.tsv	this welcoming beautifully kept restaurant the heart of green brianz has romantic and elegantly rustic feel her enjoy opulent and generous cuisin created by chef maur elli who moves
restaurant_1924.tsv	as if by magic once you step over the threshold at this restaurant you feel as thoug you are japan thanks to the soft music elegant ambienc and stylish decor japanes kaisek dishes tak
restaurant_919.tsv	this restaurant one of milan’s historic districts is hom to the chef who first introduced the concept of natural vegetarian cuisin to the world of italian fin dining pietr leemann is the
restaurant_1515.tsv	desp its nam this is fact gourmet restaurant and not simpl bistr it is run by the vaian family of professional restaurateurs and hoteliers who hav entrusted the kitchen her to
restaurant_1273.tsv	the restaurant trad is the family genes already an inn the 19c the prat gai takes inspiration from the cuisin of the oltrep region selection of traditional specialities alongsid
restaurant_528.tsv	modern tasty and carefully curated cuisin whic is prepared using the best seasonal ingredients ther is also creativ touc to som of the dishes such as the vitell tonn whic the
restaurant_1267.tsv	having run this simpl yet welcoming restaurant for over 100 years it’s no surpris that the family at the helm her are tru connoisseurs of mantuan culinary traditions the menu pays trib to
restaurant_1501.tsv	beautiful driv throug typical picturepostcard tuscan scenery of vineyards cypress and oliv trees takes you to the imposing medieval castell banf whic stands proudly front of this
restaurant_272.tsv	daniel and elis are coupl of young restaurateurs who are famil to us from the tim at blumenstub santorsol having moved on they hav now opened the own restaurant pergin
restaurant_1529.tsv	run by an enthusiastic and committed young coupl who left the big city to restor the family hom and transform it into an elegant welcoming restaurant still stands tranquil location
restaurant_514.tsv	this welcoming contemporarystyl restaurant with larg openview kitchen serves two different types of cuisin – one regional and mediterranean style the other mor creativ allowing the
restaurant_500.tsv	situated within palazz full of history from the medieval basement to the renaissancestyl architectur of the restaurant itself local is also hom to an old courtyard with loung bar and
restaurant_266.tsv	if you’r not guest at the vigilius mountain resort hotel wher this restaurant is situated leav your car lan and tak the short cablec rid to mont san vigil wher you’ll find the
restaurant_299.tsv	restaurant and an inn small country villag it’s the right plac if you’r looking for hospitality and you apprec the regional cuisin mad of snails and frogs but also fish from the
restaurant_1298.tsv	one of the most original and imagin chefs the versil region is at the helm the luxury plaz de russ hotel’s showcas restaurant wher the bright modern dining room overlooks
restaurant_1299.tsv	enjoy local cuisin rustic style dining room or alongsid the swimming pool summer the menu focuses on meat dishes especially grilled meat such as traditional fiorentin steak and
restaurant_298.tsv	this restaurant situated the centr of sirmion just stone’s throw from the lak is striking for its elegant outdoor terrac this refined setting provides the backdrop for creativ meat and
restaurant_501.tsv	this restaurant one of the finest the region is run by its owner gianc morell and celebrated its 30th anniversary 2023 situated the centr of seregn the restaurant is intim
restaurant_267.tsv	having trained with antonin cannavacciuol young chef vincenz manicon has with his wif sar embarked on new ventur this elegant restaurant with glassfronted dining room and
restaurant_1528.tsv	real gourmet inn whic serves traditional piedmontes dishes mad from excellent ingredients alongsid topquality meats cooked on the barbecu grill an elegant ambienc with deliberately
restaurant_273.tsv	this small restaurant located near the steps to cal piccol is run by an entir family and is beginning to earn an excellent local reputation the son is at the helm the kitchen having
restaurant_515.tsv	enjoy your meal the classic style dining room or on the outdoor terrac fin weather the menu her is seasonal with focus on delicious calabrian cuisin whil the win list also
restaurant_1266.tsv	access to this authentic familyrun trattor is either by foot or shuttl bus phon ahead for the latter just few metres from the restaurant enjoy breathtaking views of the parc
restaurant_1500.tsv	larg elegant spaces full of light characteris this modern restaurant whic pampers its guests with attent servic and classic cuisin with contemporary twist
restaurant_1514.tsv	dating back to 1903 this historic restaurant has warm welcoming feel excellent fish and seafood prepared using top quality ingredients wher simpl preparation allows the flavours to shin
restaurant_529.tsv	situated just stone’s throw from the parliament building this elegant restaurant’s origins as win bar are visibl the many win bottles that lin the walls of the dining room various
restaurant_1272.tsv	an attract contemporarystyl restaurant right the town centr with striking colour schem and minimalist decor the cuisin is inspired by traditional piedmontes recipes whic are
restaurant_1925.tsv	situated at the tip of bellagio’s promontory wher the two branches of the lak meet this vill occupies superb panoramic location with its restaurant housed covered verand boasting
restaurant_918.tsv	althoug the out of town location is slight drawback this restaurant passionately run has welcoming atmosph seasonal regional cuisin plus good choic of win and beers
restaurant_1931.tsv	situated central yet secluded location this intim and elegant restaurant serves typical sicilian cuisin with focus on fish vegetables from the kitchen garden and delicious cheeses
restaurant_1919.tsv	nic family trattor atmosph popul central fashionabl location that stresses the freshness of the proprietors dishes fish
restaurant_924.tsv	this restaurant is housed historic palazz it has traditional dining room as well as an are that was once hom to win bar vaulted ceilings and mor convivial atmosph full
restaurant_930.tsv	having held thre michelin stars sinc 1996 an italian record this restaurant is situated the villag of run whic lies between cremon and mantov and has just few dozen inhabitants
restaurant_1058.tsv	boasting an attract outdoor spac on trapani’s main street oster mor focuses on dishes that are deeply rooted sicilian tradition yet enhanced by original and creativ touches
restaurant_703.tsv	this familyrun restaurant is surrounded by views of the dolomites that are particularly impress from the outdoor terrac summer historic culinary stalwart among san martin castrozz
restaurant_717.tsv	fàul is the restaurant at the cas lang hotel larg property whic opens out lik an amphitheatr to offer panoramic views of the valley her the young chef skilfully creates cuisin whic
restaurant_1702.tsv	restaurant with an attract atmosph thanks to its profusion of wood soft lighting and contemporary colour schem meat aged for different periods takes prid of plac on the menu sourced
restaurant_1064.tsv	vecc marin is renowned the region and further afield for its superb fish and seafood and excellent valu for money the tasting menu priced at under 40 euros is truly extraordinary
restaurant_9.tsv	the new chef at this restaurant prioritises beautiful presentation his modern interpretations of italian dishes whic are even mor enjoyabl summer when meals are served outdoors
restaurant_1070.tsv	housed within an 18c vill small traditional hamlet this restaurant with warm rustic ambienc serves regional cuisin the gioi borg hom produced salam and sausages barley and
restaurant_1716.tsv	elegant and carefully prepared contemporary cuisin served on the seventh floor of palazz whic is totally dedicated to the world of arman superb views of milan combin with decor of black
restaurant_1851.tsv	althoug it is now hom to welcoming and contemporary family restaurant this building was once used as plac to rest horses and provid hospitality to workers from the sug factory oppos
restaurant_1689.tsv	passion and enthusiasm overcom obstacles and lead to the best results this summarises the professional journey of the chef at this restaurant he prepares fish dishes inspired by classic
restaurant_26.tsv	situated on an attract pedestrian street lined with the historic palazz of port san mauriz this simpl yet pleasant restaurant offers an excellent choic of ligurian specialities
restaurant_878.tsv	situated the hotel of the sam nam typical mountainstyl property this elegant restaurant offers two welcoming dining rooms with open fireplaces and profusion of wood wher friendly
restaurant_32.tsv	housed within the tiber hotel not far from the famous piazzett this elegant restaurant boasts charming terrac with spectacul views of the rooftops of capr the skilful chef prepares
restaurant_1845.tsv	behind the cathedral florenc this gourmet restaurant is housed the cort imper at palazz portinar once the residenc of the salv family her chef vit mollic delights
restaurant_850.tsv	steep steps lead up to the first floor of this building whic is hom to ownerchef giusepp costa’s main restaurant bavaglin her the verandastyl dining room boasts spectacul views
restaurant_688.tsv	standing quiet location behind asol this restaurant with an attract summer garden serves authentic cuisin with an emphasis on top quality ingredients win lovers will apprec the
restaurant_844.tsv	the reopening 2022 of the hotel windsor with its romantic vintag decor is real bonus for laiguegl especially the hotel’s new gourmet restaurant savô whic translates as “flavour”
restaurant_1879.tsv	the grandson of martin one of the most famous butchers italy focuses almost entirely on meat dishes this restaurant cune as well as few first courses salads and gourmet hamburgers
restaurant_111.tsv	situated the centr of seregn this modern inn boasts bright spacious dining room with an ambienc whic is both friendly and yet respectful of guests’ privacy the cuisin is overseen by
restaurant_1892.tsv	run by the virgil family sinc 1967 this popul restaurant pays trib to historic bar with its delicious fish dishes and specialities from pugl don’t miss the grilled fish and the
restaurant_677.tsv	simpl modern fish dishes full of flavour tak centr stag at this familyrun restaurant the charming historic centr of palm the raw fish dishes served her includ delicious carpacc
restaurant_663.tsv	two partners with significant experienc opened this lively venu the rooms combin modern and classic styles an industrialnew york style decorated with works by major street artists at the
restaurant_1138.tsv	this restaurant is situated within the feuerstein natur family resort 5star property whic continues to expand and whic nestles the verdant val fleres not far from vipiten and even
restaurant_105.tsv	housed small vill the residential are of the villag this intim and secluded restaurant serves delicious cuisin with distinctly regional roots season locally sourced truffles
restaurant_1886.tsv	occupying what wer once old stables and coac hous this traditional restaurant is directly run by its owner who is also at the helm the kitchen his recipes rang from regional
restaurant_1676.tsv	situated the historic centr between the pirandell theatr and the belved this former bakery has been transformed into modern welcoming restaurant with models of bread and rolls on the
restaurant_1110.tsv	this has long been one of thos restaurants italy wher the opulent interior decor has no equal – at christmas the mirrors rugs silverw chandeliers and piles of books are joined by the
restaurant_893.tsv	19c palazz renovated modern style its guestrooms and restaurant alik the menu features fish and seafood including raw dishes and champagnes
restaurant_1104.tsv	this restaurant has just few tables amid decor of elegantly recycled old wood whil larg window offers views of the stunning ampezz dolomites outsid your meal starts memorabl way
restaurant_887.tsv	romantic mediterraneanstyl restaurant the heart of sirmion speranzin has classic elegant decor whic light colours domin whil summer the terrac boasts spectacul
restaurant_1662.tsv	welcoming inn nestled amid the last vineyards of valpolicell and the first pasturelands of the lower lessin region wher young chef serves cuisin with focus on local ingredients and
restaurant_139.tsv	situated amid the foothills around gard this restaurant boasts fin views from its verdant terrac whic tak much of the southern part of the lak whil its dining rooms occupy the interior
restaurant_475.tsv	once mill this restaurant still stands next to its old canal whic lends the setting delightful bucolic ambienc echoed the warm welcoming dining room highlights on the menu includ
restaurant_313.tsv	the princip bellud is the gourmet restaurant at the san corrad not hotel luxurious resort secluded rural location with two enormous swimming pools the new execut chef
restaurant_1448.tsv	occupying 13c post hous this restaurant is part of the elegant stafler hotel whic means that ther are guestrooms availabl for thos not wanting to driv hom after dinner this intim
restaurant_307.tsv	closed for renovations until april 2024 two natives of campan who hav settled the lang run this centrally located restaurant wher the black and whit decor has modern feel the menu
restaurant_461.tsv	this classicstyl restaurant serving updated regional cuisin offers views of the surrounding hills from its attract outdoor terrac
restaurant_1312.tsv	one of the most talked about and controversial chefs italy thanks to his creativ dishes and original combinations tome has mad his hom the former stables of the 17c pfanner
restaurant_449.tsv	this small restaurant next to the brandin winery has chef luc zecchin at its helm tru connoisseur of lang culinary traditions and one of the mor recent disciples of lid alci known
restaurant_1474.tsv	after gaining experienc topquality restaurants chef marc verginer has embarked on new adventur running his own brandnew restaurant the equally new bad hill hotel an elegant and
restaurant_1460.tsv	situated on the top floor of the raphaël hotel just behind piazz navon this restaurant serves som of the best vegetarian cuisin rom each of the elabor dishes boasts numerous
restaurant_1306.tsv	there’s timeless feel to this restaurant whic is run by the corder family and serves som of the best piedmontes cuisin the region heading the team her are elid the kitchen and
restaurant_1476.tsv	small villag with fascinating crenellated castl this restaurant is run by husband and wif team they offer refined cuisin that is balanced blend of local recipes and creativity
restaurant_1310.tsv	run by the ownerchef and her husband locand scopicc is charming restaurant wher careful attention is paid to every detail so that guests feel totally pampered the cuisin is regional
restaurant_1304.tsv	the focus at piemontes simpl yet modern restaurant with convenient car park is mainly on meat dishes althoug gam and fresh truffles also featur season plus there’s generous
restaurant_1462.tsv	typical wood interiors and attention to detail typical establishment with recently renovated themed bedrooms valtellin cuisin
restaurant_339.tsv	an informal bistr wher the imagin cuisin prepared by the ownerchef showcases the best italian recipes whil remaining open to influences from other parts of the world resulting strong
restaurant_311.tsv	the owners professionalism and passion go hand hand with cuisin mad with first class products the dishes are simply prepared but tasty exalting the flavour of the ingredients it is
restaurant_477.tsv	veritabl garden of eden just 15km from volterr this 300ha estat is hom to restaurant with strong zeromil philosophy this is backed up by its careful use of ingredients grown or
restaurant_463.tsv	this restaurant’s 40ye history began with present ownerchef fabriz mellino’s grandfather who ran small business selling eggs from his own hens from this he decided to branc out and
restaurant_1338.tsv	situated an alleyway the historic centr of rom sid street off the famous via giul this restaurant boasts the added attraction of an original and imagin chef who demonstrates
restaurant_305.tsv	this secluded mountain chalet immersed verdant woodland boasts welcoming dining room with decidedly alpin feel thanks to the profusion of wood and warming open fir the cuisin is also
restaurant_488.tsv	mediterraneanstyl dishes tak prid of plac this attract restaurant whic serves meat and fish dishes and prioritises seasonal ingredients visit to the wellstocked win cell is
restaurant_1489.tsv	situated just stone’s throw from the cathedral this restaurant has tables set out on noto’s attract pedestrianised street fin weather althoug if thes are taken the
restaurant_891.tsv	beautiful farmhous not far from the town with friendly welcoming and colourful feel her the menu features italian dishes alongsid few local specialities such as agnol past broth
restaurant_1112.tsv	situated away from the main tourist are rustic building that is striking for its attract outdoor spac shaded by wooden gazeb this restaurant boasts an informal and relaxing
restaurant_649.tsv	chef loprior returns to his nativ region with this new restaurant whic offers an original format – the lunchtim menu focuses on singl cours options whil the evening the tasting menus
restaurant_1674.tsv	situated hidden corner of the historic centr this small bistrostyl restaurant has friendly and welcoming atmosph with photos alternating with books win bottles and glasses on the
restaurant_1660.tsv	situated the charming historic centr this hotel and restaurant are now run by the third generation of the sam family welcoming dining rooms with fireplac provid the setting for cuisin
restaurant_885.tsv	modern fresh restaurant situated next to the town hall with views of the sea from the dining room fish and seafood carefully prepared by the owner chef also sailing enthusiast tak
restaurant_1106.tsv	housing just few tables booking is recommended this restaurant is attractively decorated with an original meltingpot of features whic giv it rustic yet elegant feel desp its small
restaurant_675.tsv	enjoy excellent local hams and salam and other delicious regional specialities this welcoming restaurant the room with the typical fogol stov is particularly charming as is the one
restaurant_1890.tsv	beautiful views of lak vares and its surrounding countrysid especially from the attract summer terrac at lunchtim the upper section of the restaurant houses the bistr whil the
restaurant_113.tsv	this small restaurant with 17c ston walls and exposed ston arches also boasts courtyard for summer dining whil the delicious yet simpl cuisin focuses on fish and seafood rich flavours are
restaurant_1648.tsv	situated within the exclus baglion resort to the north of san teodor this restaurant carries the nam of claud sadler who together with resident chef andre besan creates
restaurant_1884.tsv	this aptly named restaurant “sogno” is the italian for dream really is dream tru especially summer when you can din on the romantic lakesid terrac the delicious
restaurant_107.tsv	located not far from the historic centr and the picturesqu lam monachil beac jamant is an elegant restaurant with wellspacedout tables perfect for stylish night out with focus on
restaurant_18.tsv	nestled amid the verdant hills of the upper casert region this delightful restaurant is real gem young chef domen marott serves surprisingly highquality cuisin with focus on local
restaurant_852.tsv	once you hav crossed the plain and climbed up into the san quintin hills you to this restored farmhous surrounded by an attract garden the restaurant is divided into brick walled
restaurant_846.tsv	modern restaurant with an elegant contemporary decor situated on the main pedestrian street the town centr the menu features an excellent selection of raw dishes as well as good choic
restaurant_24.tsv	offering quality and professionalism tourist setting this small restaurant is popul with locals as well as visitors the menu focuses on imaginatively presented mediterranean cuisin
restaurant_1853.tsv	this restaurant boasts garden setting with pleasant outdoor dining spac plus long narrow interior decorated decidedly classic style fish and seafood tak prid of plac on the menu
restaurant_1847.tsv	this is small restaurant the historic centr of picturesqu walled town the environment is one of rusticity and modernity interestingly reinterpreted local cuisin
restaurant_30.tsv	this restaurant has charming decor that combines classic eleganc and typical tuscan features such as ston arches and walls as well as stylish sofas and comfortabl armchairs the cuisin is
restaurant_1066.tsv	simpl rustic trattor perched among the alleyways the upper part of the villag wher the owners themselves are at the helm the kitchen and front of hous delicious homecooked
restaurant_1700.tsv	an elegant residenc with gardens sloping down to the lak the charming terrac wher meals are served summer offers superb views of the lak whil the cuisin combines the traditional and
restaurant_1714.tsv	riv is the hotel vista’s finedining restaurant situated just behind numana’s beac with fin panoramic views the restaurant serves topquality ingredients from the adriatic and surrounding
restaurant_729.tsv	don’t be put off by the maz of narrow streets leading to this restaurant the historic town – once you reac your destination you’ll enjoy delicious classic recipes from pugl prepared using
restaurant_1072.tsv	situated behind the uffiz this restaurant boasts larg openview kitchen and an original approac that focuses on creating meaningful dialogu between guests and the chefs the kitchen the
restaurant_701.tsv	nestling charming hill town this restaurant will delight visitors looking for traditional cuisin with an updated contemporary flavour specialities includ agnolott type of raviol
restaurant_1728.tsv	standing on the hills overlooking lak gard this attract spacious restaurant has an elegant atmosph ther is delightful terrac for alfresc dining summer
restaurant_715.tsv	situated on the road leading to lug switzerland this charming restaurant with elegant furnishings and rustic decor boasts bright dining rooms and pleasant terrac for summer dining the
restaurant_926.tsv	situated front of dens fir wood this restaurant comes as something of surpris the dishes are prepared with genuin local ingredients resulting food that is full of flavour don’t
restaurant_932.tsv	this bright minimalist style restaurant is situated on the road but its dining room faces the lak it serves imagin and personalised cuisin with both fish and meat dishes on the menu
restaurant_1099.tsv	situated the heart of the ancient lively and often chaotic working class district of sanit this excellent pizzer has been run by the oliv family for over 60 years it has succeeded
restaurant_1927.tsv	establishment on the beac wooden floors and whit chairs the lin room wher you can sampl the traditional country cuisin pleasant terrac for servic summer
restaurant_1933.tsv	the story of this restaurant began 1967 when guid and giovann fasan both of whom still work front of hous met germany they then moved back to italy wher they opened guid the
restaurant_259.tsv	enjoy warm family welcom at this centrally located restaurant with an internal courtyard wher the menu features good choic of traditional and authentic dishes full of flavour the
restaurant_1502.tsv	overlooking piazz surrounded by picturesqu arcades the historic centr walk around this district is highly recommended this restaurant run by the rispol family continues to uphold its
restaurant_1264.tsv	lively fish and seafood restaurant on the seafront whic is always busy thanks to its excellent valu for money – booking ahead is highly recommended fishbased dishes only of whic are
restaurant_1270.tsv	situated picturesqu medieval villag with castl the monferr hills this restaurant serves classic piedmontes cuisin with plenty of meat options alongsid few specialities from
restaurant_1516.tsv	this historic building the town centr has been brought back to lif by the family of local entrepreneurs who bought it years ago and who hav given the restaurant the nam now an exclus
restaurant_265.tsv	one of the first rooftop restaurants com sottovoc boasts an elegant contemporary feel stef mattara’s gourmet cuisin makes full use of italy’s wealth of ingredients with particul
restaurant_1258.tsv	situated the heart of genoa’s historic centr this contemporarystyl restaurant focuses on just few dishes almost fishbased presented very modern style and generous portions
restaurant_503.tsv	occupying an old textil workshop this restaurant is one of the most attract milan with its modern chicindustrial setting divided into thre separ spaces cocktail bar with an
restaurant_517.tsv	situated oppos the masc angioin castel nuov naples this restaurant was opened by past producer from nearby gragn making it the perfect choic for pastalovers sit at
restaurant_271.tsv	the 1126 the nam of this restaurant refers to the year whic the hilltop hamlet whic it is situated was founded today the hamlet is hom to apartments with the own kitchen as well
restaurant_516.tsv	if you are searc of creativ and innov cuisin this region renowned for its great gastronomic tradition then marcelin is the plac for you this is thanks to its occasionally complex
restaurant_270.tsv	young crew led by the talented chef david marzull surprises with the techniqu and cuisin of modern conception wher the dishes are ambassadors of both national and international flavors
restaurant_264.tsv	whenever we visit capann eracl we hav the strang yet wonderful feeling of coming hom opened 1922 and now the hands of the fourth generation of the family this restaurant has
restaurant_502.tsv	it is an unavoidabl referenc point the gastronomic panoram of ravenn and as matter of fact it is almost always full an historical establishment of italy and rightly so considering
restaurant_1259.tsv	situated the historic centr but near squar with car park this modern inn serves piedmontes cuisin whic is contemporary style yet still firmly anchored local traditions the
restaurant_1271.tsv	housed an old butcher’s shop right the villag centr this intim and elegantly simpl “osteria” is run by young coupl the kitchen agnes loss who was born 2001 has already
restaurant_1517.tsv	occupying natural cav this typical restaurant serves traditional regional dishes prepared with car and imagination hous specialities includ scamp an almond crust
restaurant_1503.tsv	situated on the first floor of building formerly hom to an apartment owned by chef salvator campagna’s family this intim restaurant dates back to the 1920s as do the frescoes on the
restaurant_258.tsv	from turin’s beautiful piazz san carl you head throug an inner courtyard to this restaurant’s modern dining room with its openview kitchen whether you opt for the à cart or tasting menu
restaurant_1265.tsv	an informal and contemporary restaurant whic is elegant and yet retains bistr feel the cuisin is modern with meat and fish dishes featured on the menu as well as good number of vegetarian
restaurant_1932.tsv	the two traditional rooms at this restaurant are perfectly keeping with the medieval atmosph of the beautifully preserved villag of san don the cuisin is obviously tuscan style
restaurant_1098.tsv	the rather anonymous location does not any way detract from the quality of this historic restaurant whic is renowned for its excellent fish and seafood the menu showcases fish from the
restaurant_1926.tsv	housed the priv beac club of the sam nam this elegant restaurant serves fish and seafood dishes mad from carefully selected and topquality ingredients whol pag of the menu is
restaurant_933.tsv	simpl bistr style restaurant serving well prepared mainly mediterranean style cuisin althoug fish and seafood domin the menu ther are also few vegetarian dishes and vegan
restaurant_927.tsv	modern diningroom with an openview kitchen wher young alfi nicol can be observed at work ably assisted by friendly and attent staff front of hous when you book you’ll be asked if
restaurant_1729.tsv	instead of the simpl rusticstyl dishes you might expect at this restaurant the cuisin is actually elabor and of the highest quality – an excellent reason for venturing out her
restaurant_714.tsv	this restaurant is situated one of capri’s many iconic hotels the punt tragar whic was designed by corbusier and whic stands superb panoramic location facing marin piccol and
restaurant_700.tsv	this restaurant set typical country inn it has heavy hams whic jealously guards small nich and chequered tablecloths sampl the piedmontes cuisin with ligurian influenc
restaurant_1715.tsv	occupying 16c palazz practically oppos the splendid cathedral the heart of monumental palerm this unusual restaurant is accessed via number of steps and shares spac with an
restaurant_1073.tsv	this restaurant is an italian offshoot of the awardwinning palais royal paris to the delight of gourmet foodlovers greek chef philip chronopoulos now also serves his delicious gastronomic
restaurant_728.tsv	this restaurant boasts pleasant terrac overlooking small manmad lak used for water sports as well as simpl modern dining room with pictur windows offering the sam view the
restaurant_1067.tsv	it could be said that this restaurant boasts regal setting given that its entranc stands the inner courtyard of the regg venar the spectacul former residenc of the hous of savoy
restaurant_1701.tsv	desp its towncentr location and elegant ambienc this former 17c mill whic has retained its old wheel and millston the dining room almost has the feel of the mountains her the
restaurant_1846.tsv	situated on the lakeshor the elegant hotel giardinett now approaching its centenary this restaurant boasts stunning views of the lak and san giul island the focus her is on
restaurant_31.tsv	visitors her for the fresh fish caught the nearby ligurian sea such as prawns hazelnut tempur with grapefruit gran and raw fish dishes served with delicious risott from the upper
restaurant_25.tsv	the heart of the roman quadrilateral this characteristic and friendly restaurant the traditional piedmontes cuisin is honored the specialties includ stuffed onion vitel tonn
restaurant_1852.tsv	housed recently renovated 18c mill on the banks of the mesc river this restaurant is run by brothers giusepp front of hous and adri the kitchen who serv topquality cuisin
restaurant_847.tsv	situated charming tuscan hamlet nestled the hills between montepulc and montefollon this restaurant boasts stunning sunset views from its garden the summer months whil guests
restaurant_853.tsv	the discreet partially hidden entranc to palazz venart opens into what is rarity venic – small but charming garden with beautiful furnitur what is genuin orangery second
restaurant_19.tsv	small gourmet restaurant surrounded by the verdant landscapes of the friul countrysid what was once simpl farm owner guid lanzellott has brought this seemingly rustic yet
restaurant_106.tsv	alain duc one of the great names contemporary fin dining has arrived naples opening this restaurant the former premises of the prestigious ristor comand situated on
restaurant_1885.tsv	situated within the lory hotel this restaurant has contemporary decor and wooden tables that giv it an informal ambienc her the young talented chef creates alpin cuisin from carefully
restaurant_660.tsv	this restaurant boasts stunning setting that includes roman foundations 15c frescoes and 19c furnishings choos between two types of cuisin traditional ham salam and regional dishes the
restaurant_674.tsv	an alpin farmhous built from wood and ston with superb panoramic location on the edge of the woods traditional ladin cuisin served typical local ambienc
restaurant_1649.tsv	housed what was once the 20c dwelling of an old oliv mill this restaurant boasts elegant decor including few antiqu family pieces and art dec style tables the femal owner chef
restaurant_112.tsv	moved to via triest 1b cernobb the cuisin is fusion of italian asian and other influences with menu featuring plenty of vegetables spices and aromatic herbs that the chef uses to
restaurant_1891.tsv	situated just stone’s throw from the centr yet away from the tourist crowds this restaurant is well worth the effort needed to find it her japanes chef sugihar who has mor than 20 years
restaurant_1661.tsv	famous trattor the historic centr next to the immacol churc pleasant rustic atmosph with period photos on the walls and typical regional dishes such as troccol murges
restaurant_1107.tsv	smart elegant restaurant with bright minimalist decor whic larg tables are well spaced out to cre an exclus feel the chef’s wif brings touc of friendly informality to the
restaurant_884.tsv	boasting sumptuous art dec setting that contrasts pleasingly with the traditional cuisin served her this restaurant is the milanes sibling of marches rom whic pays trib to the
restaurant_648.tsv	situated slightly inland behind marin carrar extra the nam refers to the quality of the region’s worldfamous marbl is bright modern restaurant with menu inspired by the area’s fish
restaurant_1113.tsv	housed the picturesqu medieval castl of spilimberg this restaurant boasts splendid façad adorned with 14c frescoes plus two rustic yet elegant dining rooms if you’r looking for
restaurant_890.tsv	situated on camps on the shores of lak dobbiac this new restaurant demonstrates its owner’s passion for win and contemporary cuisin the young austrian chef her has plenty of experienc
restaurant_1675.tsv	well run restaurant quiet are just outsid the villag wher the owner chef serves modern cuisin with the occasional regional influenc careful attention is given to the use of
restaurant_1488.tsv	this renowned restaurant occupying an old mill with rustic yet elegant decor has recently been taken over by new chefs who hav her from elsewh versil the menu offers selection of
restaurant_489.tsv	this small trattor hidden among the canals the countrysid is run by coupl of partners who showcas the specialities of the region with professionalism and enthusiasm the menu includes
restaurant_1339.tsv	this restaurant occupying 15c palazz the centr of charming villag has warm and welcoming feel her the chef delights his guests with regional meat and fish specialities whic are
restaurant_462.tsv	you are certain to fall for the charm of this rural restaurant whos excellent valu for money attracts food lovers from far and wid situated among oliv groves and vineyards the oster
restaurant_304.tsv	part of the country hous villador resort the hills outsid not this restaurant boasts delightful setting with the sea as backdrop surrounded by gardens whic provid many of the
restaurant_310.tsv	situated cicognol the lower po valley wher early morning mists cre an evoc atmosph autumn this traditional restaurant with rustic feel serves specialities from lombardy
restaurant_476.tsv	the dining room at this restaurant has the warm ambienc of an old country hous wher two small niches with the own tables are perfect for mor priv and romantic dinner the decor
restaurant_1305.tsv	the whol family is involved running this typical trattor whic has becom one of the standard bearers of the region the decor is classic and elegant whil the menu focuses on local
restaurant_338.tsv	the aptly named madam piol piedmontes dialect “piola” is villag inn has simpl yet attract and friendly ambienc that serves as backdrop for typical piedmontes dishes
restaurant_1463.tsv	housed within the hotel lungarn one of the most charming hotels the city this restaurant boasts the sam elegant and exclus style as the hotel chef claud mengon is at the helm her
restaurant_1477.tsv	restaurant within refined farmstead the ancient structur has maintained the rustic style spit of several hints of eleganc the furnishings on the menu interesting offer of meat and
restaurant_1311.tsv	this renowned oster situated district off the tourist trail is run by attent and friendly femal staff its dishes hav regional and traditional focus and are served thre small
